['\nThis six-panel folding screen, the only extant screen painting dating from the Heian period (794-1185), depicts a “Chinese-style” (J., karae) genre scene. The set came from the Shingon sect temple of Tô-ji (Kyôô Gokoku-ji) in Kyoto. Originally, however, it is thought that the screen was made for use as a furnishing inside the imperial palace or an aristocratic household.The six panels are individually bordered, but they form a single continuous scene of a leisurely spring day. The human figures, the immediate surroundings, and the trees and blossoming wisteria vines in the foreground are painted in a relatively large scale. Gently rolling hills and wide expanses of water cover the middle ground, and distant mountains rise above all. The central focus of this tranquil composition is in the lower half of the two central panels, where an aged hermit sits inside a rustic hut with paper and brush in hand, perhaps about to jot down a verse. On the right, a young nobleman emerges from the mountains to pay him a visit. This highly evocative scenario is made even more charming by the tiny songbirds portrayed in the garden and on the roof of the hermitage. Figures on horseback in the first and sixth panels, seemingly visitors on their way home, give a sense of narrative continuity. According to one explanation, the hermetic scholar is none other than the famous Chinese poet Bo Juyi (J., Haku Kyoi or Haku Rakuten, 772-846) of the Tang dynasty (618-906), an extremely popular literary figure among Japanese aristocrats of the Heian period.The technique of applying blue and green pigments to the peaks of mountains originates from a Chinese painting tradition known as “blue-green landscape” (Ch., qinglu shanshui, J., seiryoku sansui). In this painting, however, the lateral expansiveness of the mountains and the bright color palette suggest that Japanese tastes strongly influenced the style. In addition, the application of pigments is relatively thin, and the ink lines of the under drawings are incorporated into the finished composition. Layers of clouds in horizontal bands are rendered with indistinct edges, making them soft and ebullient and creating a sense of depth. Such stylistic features suggest that the screen was painted no later than the eleventh century.At Tô-ji Temple, this landscape screen was used in esoteric ordinations for transmitting the Buddhist Dharma (J., denpô kanjô, Skt., abhiseka). Documentation of the use of landscape screens in such rituals does not appear until the end of the Heian period. The earliest such mention pertains to a ceremony of esoteric ordination for establishing karmic bonds with a buddha (J., kechien kanjôe) that took place in 1182 at Kannon-in, a sub-temple of the esoteric Buddhist temple of Ninna-ji in Kyoto. The use of this type of screen on such occasions spread subsequently to Daigo-ji and other Shingon temples. The screen would most frequently be placed behind the seat of the esoteric master (J., ajari) administering the ritual or the high-ranking figure receiving ordination.\n', '\nThis scroll consists of seven painted scenes, six of which are accompanied by text. The scenes were based on descriptions of the sixteen lesser hells given in Kisekyô (literally, "Sutra of the World Arising"), which was translated into Chinese by Jnanagupta (d. 600). According to the sutra, around the eight greater hells lie sixteen lesser hells-the hells of "The Black Sand Cloud," "Excrement," "The Five Prongs," "Starvation," "Searing Thirst," "Pus and Blood," "The Single Bronze Cauldron," "Many Bronze Cauldrons," "The Iron Mortar," "Measures," "The Flaming Cock," "The River of Ashes," "The Grinder," "Sword Leaves," "Foxes and Wolves," and "Freezing Ice." Today, these scenes are ordered such that the second, tenth, ninth, eleventh, first, sixth, and fifteenth hells appear in succession. A scroll fragment of the "Hell of the Single Bronze Cauldron" in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston is thought to have originally been part of the Nara set.Each section of the text begins with the phrase, "There is yet another hell," to which is added a description based on Kisekyô, in which the cause for the sinners\' fall into a particular hell is recorded. According to one view, however, the seventh scene, rather than depicting the "Hell of Foxes and Wolves" (J. Korô jigoku) described in Kisekyô, represents the "Hell of Wolves and Foxes" (J. Rô yakan nairi) that appears in Dairôtankyô ("Great Sutra of the World Arising").The paintings are executed with supple lines embellished with a variety of dark, rich colors. They have a somewhat oppressive air and yet at the same time suggest a sense of transcendental peacefulness. The style of the "Hell of the Iron Mortar" recalls the frontispiece of the Chûson-ji Temple sutras, while that of the "Hell of the Flaming Cock" shows the influence of Chinese paintings of the Song dynasty (960-1279). This handscroll has the most delicate expression of all the extant "Illustrated Scrolls of the Six Paths of Rebirth" (J. rokudô emaki), a category that includes other Hell Scrolls, the Scrolls of the Hells for Buddhist Novices (J. Shamon jigoku zôshi), the Hungry Ghosts Scroll (J. Gaki zôshi), Extermination of Evil (J. Hekijae), and the Scroll of Diseases and Deformities (J. Yamai no sôshi).It is highly probable that these Illustrated Scrolls of the Six Paths of Rebirth correspond to the "Paintings of the Six Paths" (J. rokudô-e) mentioned in textual sources, which were commissioned by Emperor Goshirakawa (1127-92, r. 1155-58) and stored originally in Rengeô-in Temple (Sanjûsangendô).This handscroll was preserved in Daishô-in Temple in Tokyo until the Meiji period (1868-1912) and then owned by the Hara family of Kanagawa before coming into the possession of the national government. This work, along with the Tokyo National Museum\'s Hell Scroll (formerly from Anjû-in Temple in Okayama Prefecture), is a masterpiece among paintings depicting the Six Paths of Rebirth.\n', '\nThese paintings depict the God of Heavenly Punishment (J. Tenkeisei), Sendan Kendatsuba (Skt. Cadana Gandharva), the Divine Insect (J. Shinchû), Shôki (Ch. Zhonggui), and Bishamon Ten (Skt. Vaisravana), all believed in China to be benevolent deities who expel demons of plague. This set was originally mounted as a handscroll that was known as the "second edition of the Masuda family Hell Scroll." After the war, the handscroll was cut into sections and the paintings mounted as hanging scrolls. The acts of each of the gods in exterminating evil are briefly explained in the texts accompanying the illustrations.The God of Heavenly Punishment-literally "the star [that metes out] heavenly punishment"-is a demon from the Yin-yang tradition. In Japan, he was incorporated into Esoteric Buddhist prayers. In this painting, he is shown consuming the Ox-headed Deity (J. Gozu Tennô), the pestilence god worshipped at Gion Shrine in Kyoto.Sendan Kendatsuba was originally an Indian god of music. Later, he came to be classified as being one among the Eight Classes of Protectors of the Buddhist Law (J. hachibushû) and is described in the Lotus Sutra as one of the thirty-three manifestations of the bodhisattva Avalokitesvara (J. Kannon). He is also believed to protect youths from the dangers of the fifteen malevolent deities. Here, his form closely resembles that found in the Esoteric Buddhist Mandala of Youths (J. Dôji mandara)."The Divine Insect" is a euphemism for the silkworm. Its miracles as a benevolent deity were known from very early on. In this painting, it takes the form of a moth.A Buddhist tale (J. setsuwa) relates that Shôki, a demon-quelling deity from China, protected the Tang emperor Xuanzong (685-762) from malevolent demons. He is portrayed with large eyes and a thick beard and is wearing a black robe, hat, and tall boots. Here, he is shown strangling a small demon.Bishamon Ten is portrayed as a benevolent deity who protects devotees of the Lotus Sutra. Examples of Bishamon Ten holding a bow, as he is painted here, are found in Chinese works of the Tang (618-907) and Song (960-1279) dynasties.This scroll set, which brings together a number of unusual images, has had strong connections to the Southern Capital of Nara and to the Hell Transformation Screens (J. Jigokuhen gobyôbu), which were used in year-end repentance ceremonies, held at the Imperial Palace up until the Heian period, in which the names of the buddhas were recited (J. butsumyôe). Like other paintings of the Six Paths (J. Rokudo-e) such as the Hell Scroll, it is conjectured to have been made during the time of Emperor Goshirakawa (1127-92, r. 1155-58) in the latter part of the Heian period (794-1185) and kept in the treasure house of Rengeô-in Temple (Sanjûsangendô). One view holds that the calligraphy for the Extermination of Evil was brushed by the same hand as that of the Hell Scroll (J. Jigoku zôshi) in the Tokyo National Museum and the Demon of Punishment (J. Kandô no oni) in the Fukuoka City Museum of Art.\n', "\nThis painting depicts a Jûichimen Kannon（Eleven-Headed Kannon, Skt. Ekadasamukha) facing towards the viewer's left. The deity's right hand, held at waist level with a rosary around the wrist, is in the hand gesture (Skt. mudra) symbolizing the fulfilling of desires (J. yogan'in); the left holds a vase containing a red lotus flower. The eleven heads atop the image include three with faces like those of bodhisattvas, three with angry expressions, three with fangs protruding upwards, one laughing face, and on the very top, the face of a buddha.The iconography is based on the form of the Jûicimen Kannon discussed in the Heart Sutra of the Divine Incantation of the Eleven Heads (J. Jûichimen shinju shingyô), translated into Chinese by the priest Xuanzang (J. Genjô, 602-664) during the Tang dynasty (618-907). Unlike esoteric iconic depictions, in which the image faces directly forward, Kannon here is turned slightly diagonally suggesting the artist's attempt to create a more naturalistic space. Kannon is not portrayed in formal meditation posture but with his right foot relaxed. This stylized pose, as well as the ornate details of the large floral canopy and the aureole that resembles openwork carving, make this painted image appear to be a rendition of an actual Buddhist sculpture.The body of the image is painted in a light pink hue with a dark cinnabar outline creating a soft, rounded effect. Delicate cut gold leaf (J. kirikane), overlaid on the ground patterns and the main motifs, adorn the intricate layers of his robe. Decorating the dais and canopy are designs created in cut gold leaf and gradations of silver arranged like bamboo leaves (J. sasa rindô). This motif of bamboo leaves and that of the chrysanthemum rings (J. kikka danmon) in cut gold leaf are thought to have been introduced from Song dynasty (960-1279) China. Painted silver, with the lotus stem visible within, the vase that Kannon holds resembles Song glassware. Sumptuous and splendid, these elements typify the gorgeous forms characteristic of Buddhist painting of the Heian period (794-1185).This work was passed down until modern times in Hokki-ji Temple. Located nearby is Hôryû-ji Temple, which owns fragments of Heian period Buddhist paintings that display a similar pattern of strong gradation of pigments. This raises the possibility that the Jûicimen Kannon took its inspiration from classical paintings like those on the walls of Hôryû-ji's Golden Hall.\n", '\nThe Buddhist concept of the Six Paths of Transmigration (J. rokudô) became popular at the end of the Heian period (794-1185) as the Heian court began to lose its power and social anxiety increased. The hells are one of the six realms to which a person is consigned after death as a result of his or her deeds during this life. The Hell Scroll (J. Jigoku zôshi) is an illustrated handscroll depicting the suffering of sinners who have fallen into this realm.This scroll, which depicts four subsidiary hells within one of the Eight Greater Hells, was kept in the storehouse of Anjû-in Temple in Okayama Prefecture. It depicts murderers, thieves, adulterers, and so forth, who have fallen into the Hell of Cloud, Fire, and Mist. The naked men and women are in agony as they burn in an enormous fire. The writhing flames are vividly and effectively rendered with concise lines and black and vermilion tones. The painting probably caused its viewers to shudder with fear and foreboding, encouraging them to embrace the desire to be born into the Pure Land.The text, a mixture of Chinese characters (J. kanji) and Japanese phonetic script (J. kana), is based on Chinese sutras written in Japanese style. It is thought that this scroll, together with the illustrated handscrolls of the Hungry Ghosts (J. Gaki zôshi) and the Extermination of Evil (J. Hekijae), is part of the Paintings of the Six Paths (J. Rokudôe) stored in the treasure house of Rengeô-in (commonly known as Sanjûsangendô) Temple, which was built by cloistered emperor Goshirakawa (1127-1192, r. 1155-1158).\n', '\nThis handscroll, also known as the Painting of the Holy Man Ippen (J. Ippen hijiri-e), depicts the life of Ippen (1239-1289), the founder of the Ji sect. The text was edited by Ippen\'s high-ranking disciple Shôkai, and the handscroll was painted by the monk En\'i, who was given the ecclesiastical rank Hôgen ("Eye of the Dharma").At age thirteen, Ippen left home, took orders, and traveled around Japan as a mendicant. He dedicated his life to spreading Pure Land devotional practices, notably the recitation of the name of the Buddha Amida (J. nenbutsu), and eventually established the Ji sect.This illustrated handscroll uses a silk ground-quite rare among such works-upon which are drawn, along with the deeds of Ippen, scenes of various places throughout Japan. While the depiction of the human figures is small, the temples, shrines, and landscape in the background are comparatively large. This contrast is characteristic of paintings of famous places (J. meisho-e), which first appeared in screen form in the Heian period (794-1185). While the scrolls display fundamental techniques of Japanese-style painting (J. yamato-e), one can also note influences of Chinese paintings of the Song dynasty (960-1279) in the composition of the landscape and the depiction of trees and rocks.The seventh scroll, owned by the Tokyo National Museum, depicts Ippen\'s various activities in Kôan 7 (1284). These include the recitation of Amida\'s name and the distribution of talismanic slips (J. fuda), as he traveled to Seki-dera Temple in Otsu, Shiga Prefecture, to the practice halls of Shijô Avenue and to the marketplace in Kyoto.In the latter part of the Edo period (1615-1868), the original twelve handscrolls of this set in Kankikô-ji Temple in Kyoto were separated. Scroll seven was at one time owned by the collector Hara Sankei (Tomitarô, 1868-1939). After the war, it was placed in the collection of the Tokyo National Museum.\n', "\nWhile there is no signature or seal on the painting, the overall brush technique, composition, and the style of the calligraphy identifying the renowned places depicted in the painting have led the work to be attributed to the famous ink painter, Sesshû Tôyô (1420-1506?).In the center of the work are the distinctive white sandbar and pine trees of Amanohashidate and the buildings of Chion-ji Temple, located in the north of  Kyoto Prefecture. Beyond Amanohashidate is the Sea of Aso, on whose far shore stands the town of Fuchû with its temples and shrines crowded together. Towering over this expansive scenery is a massive mountain, home to Nariai-ji Temple and its complex. In the foreground, beneath Amanohashidate, is Miyazu Bay. Running along the bottom of the composition are the mountains of the lower tip of Kurita Peninsula.While it is clear that the painting was based on direct observation, it is not a realistic rendition of the landscape. The high vantage point from which the scene was depicted does not actually exist. The mountain on which Nariai-ji Temple is located has been rendered as a soaring peak, while the shape of Fuchû has been attenuated so that it stretches out horizontally along the shore. In fact, recent scholarship suggests that the work reflects Sesshû's method of rearranging the elements of an actual landscape according to the compositional rules he had absorbed from his study of Chinese landscape painting. Clearly, this bird's-eye view was influenced by Chinese depictions of West Lake (near Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province) and other famous scenic spots.The brushwork is extremely rough; indeed, the painting looks as if it had been done in a single, rushed sitting. It is this very quality, however, which gives the work its unique power and dynamism. Brushed onto a patchwork of twenty-one small pieces of different sized paper, irregularly pasted together and bearing traces of reworking, the painting was probably intended as a preparatory sketch rather than as a finished product.\n", '\nA willow tree stands on the shore of an expansive waterfront, swaying in the gentle breeze. Beneath it are two figures in a boat drifting among lotuses. The figure on the left is possibly Zhou Maoshu (also known as Zhou Dunyi; 1017–73), a Chinese Confucian scholar of the Northern Song dynasty (960–1279) and founder of the neo-Confucian school of thought. Zhou is well known for his appreciation for the lotus, having composed “On Loving Lotuses,” a text extolling it as the noblest of flowers for how it grows in the swamp but remains clean and untainted. Japanese intellectuals of the Muromachi period (14th–16th century), who had developed an appreciation for Chinese culture from a familiarity with its literary traditions, interpreted this work as a depiction of Zhou’s fascination with lotuses, a narrative with which they were familiar.We know from the seal at the bottom-right corner that this is a work by Kanō Masanobu (1434–1530). Masanobu was the founder of the Kanō school of painting, a lineage of painters that had dominated the industry until the late Edo period (19th century). He was also an official painter for the Ashikaga shogunate, having served the eighth shogun Yoshimasa (1436–90).The willow tree in this work appears almost identical in design to one in a copy of Ma Yuan’s Herons beneath a Willow (currently owned by the Tokyo University of the Arts), a Chinese court painter of the Southern Song dynasty. It is thus likely that Masanobu had studied Southern Song Chinese court paintings from the Ashikaga shogunal family’s collection, and applied what he had learned in the creation of this work. Many ink paintings in the Muromachi period mimicked the brushwork of certain Chinese painters; this work is an example of one that takes after Ma Yuan’s style. As such, it is important not only as a work of art, but as a piece documenting the way Muromachi-period Japanese paintings were typically created with imitative brushwork.This painting is a masterpiece that represents ink paintings of the Higashiyama cultural circle that had flourished in Kyoto during the Muromachi period, and is also the only piece by Masanobu to have been designated a National Treasure. It was once owned by the feudal Date clan.\n', '\nThis poetry-painting scroll (J. shigajiku) comprises a landscape painting owned by Kô, a monk of the Kyoto temple Nanzen-ji in the first half of the fifteenth century, and poems and a preface added by then-renowned Zen monks. Shûbun (fl. 1423-1460), the artist to whom this painting is attributed, was at this time a Zen monk at Shôkoku-ji Temple and served the Ashikaga shogunate as a painter. Although not a single work can be firmly ascribed to Shûbun and the seal at the bottom right that reads "Ekkei Shûbun" is dubious, this painting, which has been passed down in the Myôchi-in Temple in Kyoto, is one of the few that is appropriate for consideration as Shûbun\'s work.The composition and motifs reflect the style of such Southern-Song Chinese painters as Xia Gui (active first half of thirteenth century) and Ma Yuan (active c. 1190-1230), as well as works of the Ma-Xia School that continued that tradition in the subsequent Yuan (c. 1280-1368) and Ming (1368-c. 1644) periods. The composition follows an unbroken diagonal: in the far distance at the upper left, across a body of water, are depicted mist-enshrouded mountains; in the foreground at the lower right, surrounded by a bamboo grove, is a thatched hut within which sits a lone figure reading a book; at the bottom left, two people cross a bridge towards the hut. Although a small picture, the painting has a vast sense of space and is a representative masterpiece of the "study-retreat picture" (J. shosaizu), made in this period, for Zen monks who were drawn to the idea of hermetic seclusion.The preface was written by Jikuun Tôren (1383-1471), and the poems were added by Kôsei Ryûha (1375-1446), Shinden Seiha (1375-1447), Tôshô Shûgen (1391-1462), Zuigan Ryûsei (1384-1460), and Kisei Reigen (1403-1488).The preface is dated to Bun\'an 4 (1447), however, it appears that the picture was painted considerably earlier. Although the preface mentions the person who commissioned the scroll, it makes no mention at all of the painter, as was typical of the time. \n', '\nAlong with Kanô Eitoku (1543-1590) and Kaihô Yûshô (1533-1615), Hasegawa Tôhaku (1539-1610) was an active participant in the painting circles of the Momoyama period (1573-1615), and in his art he diligently explored the expressive range of ink and the effects of light. This pair of screens is Tôhaku\'s representative work, a masterpiece of early modern ink painting.A dense mist fills the entire picture; the pine grove of the left screen recedes deeply into the snow-covered mountains at the extreme right, while two groups of trees on the right screen incline towards each other and suggest the undulations of the ground. The brushwork used to depict the pine needles and background is rough. Walking through the thick mist, black shadows appear; you are surrounded by pine trees and can just detect the tops of mountains. The quiet scene, a momentary experience captured for eternity, evokes the rustic and refined realm of wabi ("elegant simplicity").There are many enigmas about this pair of screens, which indicate that this might have been a preparatory work: the paper joints are irregular; the measurements of the width of the paper in the right and left screens are different; there is a divergence in the ground line; the cropping of the pine tree at the far right is unusual; and the seals for "Hasegawa" and "Tôhaku" at the outside edge of each screen are different from the standard seals for this artist. The theme of the painting draws on such subjects as Hamamatsu from the Japanese-style (J. yamato-e) landscape tradition. On the other hand, it is also a remarkable example of how the naturalistic ideas and ink-painting method of the Chinese painter-monk Mu Qi (active c. late thirteenth century) of the Southern Song dynasty (c. 1127-1279), much favored by Tôhaku, were embraced in Japan.\n', '\nWhile this subject has several Chinese precedents in Sung and Yuan colored paintings, Sotatsu painted the two grebes and two lotus flowers with only black ink, giving the painting a clean, simple feeling. Nevertheless, the artist exquisitely expresses the contrast between the blooming white lotus and the ripening lotus fruit. Contrast is also created between the two birds, one of which swims ahead with a half-open, upturned bill, as if in search of new bait, while the other quietly floats on.Though this painting bears no signature, only a red "Inen" seal in the lower-left corner, it represents the technical perfection of Sotatsu\'s ink painting.\n', '\nThese famous works were painted by the literati artist Ike no Taiga (1723-1776) during his early to mid-forties. Influenced by literati painters Yanagisawa Kien (1704-1758) and Gion Nankai (1677-1751), Taiga taught himself Chinese Southern School painting. Together with Yosa Buson, he is considered one of Japan\'s greatest literati artists. He also achieved renown as a calligrapher.Taiga\'s painting traces its origins to two Song-dynasty (960-1279) literary compositions, the Record of the Yueyang Pavilion by Fan Zhongyan (eleventh century) and Record of the Zuiweng Pavilion by Ouyang Xiu (1007-1072). The composition is based on two designs from an early Qing (c. 1644-1912) book entitled Album in Honor of Zhang Huanzhen\'s 80th Birthday, painted by Shao Zhenxian and others. The right screen centers on the view of the celebrated multi-storied Yueyang Pavilion looking out over Lake Dongting, which flows into the Yangzi River in the distance. The left screen depicts the single-storied Zuiweng Arbor at Mount Langye. In both pavilions literati are holding their beloved "elegant gatherings."The screens are unified by the sweep of gold leaf spreading across both picture surfaces. Taiga used malachite green, azurite blue, vermilion, and other rich mineral pigments, giving rise to a unique manner of painting. These screens came from the collection of the Hitotsubashi branch of the Tokugawa family.\n', '\nLi Di (active c. 1163-1197) was a court painter in the Imperial Painting Academy of the Chinese Southern Song dynasty (c. 1127-1279). Evidence that Li Di was active as a painter during the latter half of the twelfth century is provided by the dates he wrote on some of his works and also from the career of his son, Li Demao (active late twelfth-early thirteenth centuries), who, not surprisingly, also became a painter in the Imperial Painting Academy. Li Di specialized in painting flowers, birds, and animals, and these paintings of cotton roses are the masterpiece among his extant works. From the inscriptions on the paintings we learn that they were executed in what corresponds to the third year of the Qingyuan reign in 1197.These cotton roses are thought to be "drunk cotton roses" (J. suifuyô) that first bloom white and then gradually turn crimson. Although the flowers are painted realistically, the delicate lines and the subtle gradation of color endow them with a sense of poetry. The surrounding blank space also conveys feelings of naturalness and calm. These two hanging scrolls were thought originally to have been independent album leaves that were remounted as a pair of scroll paintings (J. tsuifuku) following the growth in appreciation of Chinese paintings born of Japanese tea-ceremony aesthetics.\n', '\nRyokai was a court painter of the Southern Song Dynasty and excelled in figure painting, sansuiga (landscape painting), paintings on Taoist and Buddhist themes and paintings of kishin (gods who dispel evil). Although he learned from Kashiko, a court painter in the early Southern Song Dynasty, it is said that Ryokai\'s style was carefree and his technique surpassed that of his teacher. Every person at the court admired his exquisite brushwork. These Shussanshakazu and Sekkeisansuizu are the best portrait and sansuiga that demonstrate Ryokai\'s excellent brushwork.The Shussanshakazu depicts Shakamuni coming out of the mountains when he realized that a long practice of asceticism was not the way to satori (enlightenment). It is clear from the signature and seal of "御前図面 (picture drawn in front of the Emperor) by Ryokai" on the painting that this was drawn at Court. The fine and realistic expression on the face of Shakamuni goes beyond a simple likeness and seems to communicate his inner spirit. This picture demonstrates the quintessence of exquisite brushwork.   The Sekkeisansuizu depicts a person on a donkey traveling in severe winter against a backdrop of snow-capped mountains. However, different from the sansuiga style of Baen and Kakei in the Southern Song Dynasty, where only part of nature is depicted by leaving a blank space, Ryokai perfectly depicts the greatness and depth of nature. Ryokai\'s exquisite brushwork extends over everything on the picture, such as the intricate representation of a person on a donkey as a small being against the grand snow-capped mountains and the representation of wild geese flying between the mountains, demonstrating his ability as a sansui painter.  The Sekkeisansuizu authenticated as a Ryokai was drawn by a painter of the Ryokai school during the period from the Southern Song period to the Yuan period. It seems that the picture was originally larger, but cut later to make a triad.Since the seal of Ashikaga Yoshimitsu, "Tenzan," is affixed to the three paintings of the Shussanshakazu, Sekkeisansuizu and Sekkeisansuizu authenticated as works by Ryokai, it seems that after being brought into Japan, they were made into a triad during the period ruled by Yoshimitsu. The triad was recorded in the Gyobutsu On\'e Mokuroku, a list of assets of the Ashikaga Shogunate family, as "Shussanshaka, Wakisansui, Ryokai" and have been prized as Chinese paintings of the highest quality in Higashiyama Gomotsu (imperial collection of art objects, books, etc., in the Muromachi period). Later, the ownership of the triad shifted from the Ashikaga family to the Sakai family in Wakasa. Then the triad was separated and the Mitsui family owned the Sekkeisansuizu by Ryokai and Honganji Temple owned the Shussanshakazu and Sekkeisansuizu authenticated as works by Ryokai. Although a long time has passed since the Tokyo National Museum obtained the Sekkeisansuizu from the Mitsui family in 1948, the Museum acquired the Shussanshakazu in 1997 and the Sekkeisansuizu authenticated as a Ryokai in 2004. After so many years, they have finally been put together as a triad again. Since these three paintings – which are the best among Higashiyama Gomotsu – are extremely valuable, they used to be designated separately as national treasures and important cultural properties. In 2007, however, they were integrated and together designated as one national treasure.\n', '\nThis eight-volume commentary, Jômyô genron in Japanese, presents the essential points of the Vimalakirti Nirdesa Sutra (J. Yuimakyô). The original text was written by Jicang of Jiaxiang Temple (J. Kajô Daishi Kichizô, 549-623), the priest who established the Sanlun (J. Sanron) School of Buddhism during the Sui dynasty (581-619) in China. Jômyô is a translation of the Sanskrit name Vimalakirti (spotless fame), which can be transliterated into Japanese as Yuimakitsu or simply Yuima. The Vimalakirti Sutra, which relates the story of the enlightened layman Vimalakirti, is a favorite text among lay Buddhists and has stimulated learned commentary in both China and Japan.The fourth volume of this set has a colophon that reads: Recorded on the fifth day of the twelfth month of 706 (Keiun 3). The end of the sixth volume is dated the eighth day of the twelfth month of the same year. These scrolls are the oldest extant text-Buddhist or secular-using the Japanese dating system; the year 706 falls within the Asuka period (600-710) of Japanese history. However, volume 1 was supplemented in the Heian period (794-1185), and additions were made to volumes 2 and 5 in the Kamakura period (1185-1333). The prefaces of three of the volumes (all but numbers 7 and 8) were also copied later. The paper used for this manuscript is a high-quality, thin, white hemp paper believed to have been imported from China. The calligraphy is in the manner of the Six Dynasties period (3rd to 6th centuries), with each line containing from about twenty to forty characters. Most examples of this kind of sutra commentary (primarily works like annotations and commentaries composed in China) were written without concern for maintaining the standard of seventeen characters per line found in sutra copies. At the top and bottom of the sections where the individual sheets of paper are joined together, pinholes and small cuts marking the guidelines can be found. White marks indicating the proper reading of the Chinese characters in Japanese also appear. These notations, probably added in the early Heian period, are a valuable early resource for the study of the Japanese language. The manuscript was originally in the possession of Tôdai-ji Temple. Later, it passed into the hands of the scholar Kanda Kiichirô (1897-1984), after which it was donated to the Japanese government. \n', '\nThis fragmentary volume of Sutra of the Incantation of the One Thousand Armed, One Thousand Eyed Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva (J., Senju Sengen Daranikyô) is the only extant portion of the one thousand scrolls of this sutra copied by the priest Genbô (d. 746), starting on the fifteenth day of the seventh month of 741 (Tenpyô 13). Genbô dedicated these scrolls wishing for the long reign and long life of Emperor Shômu (701-756, r. 724-749), as well as the well being of the civil and military officials and people of the kingdom. Although this Chinese Buddhist text is missing its first section, the annotations in red and black ink, serving as grammatical markers and reading aids, are important in the study of the early Japanese language.\n', '\nA tekagami, or album of exemplary calligraphy, is a collection of excerpts from old scrolls or books of sutras, poems and letters.  The selection of calligraphers in a tekagami, its types of calligraphy and its order tell us about the changing tastes in classical Japanese-style calligraphy over the years.  Moshigusa, an album of 242 detached segments ranging from the Nara to the Muromachi Periods, was handed down from generation to generation as a reference register a family that remained the central, calligraphy authority throughout the Edo period. Among the segments is the "Muromachi-gire," one of only two surviving fragments from the Hitomaroshu, which is part of the Anthologies of Thirty-Six Poets, formerly owned by the Nishi-Honganji temple.  The "Okadera-gire" is another rare, detached segment from Minamoto Shitagoshu of the same set.  Both are excellent specimens of kana script in the early-12th Century.\n', '\n\u3000 Japanese archaeologists and historiographers of premodern Japan classify all wooden objects with text—written by government officials in India ink—as “wooden documents” (mokkan). These administrative texts can be anything from shipping tags to wooden plates with scribbles. The seemingly trivial nature of these documents provides a rich source of unedited and raw information. While a single wooden document rarely contains anything revelatory, the sum of information gathered from thousands of texts provides a remarkably detailed picture of the inner workings of government. These wooden documents are particularly important primary sources of information, especially when compared with paper-based historical documents which are often copies made decades or even centuries after the originals. \u3000 The wooden documents bundled together here as a single National Treasure bear witness to both the workings of the central government during the eighth century and its officials’ struggles coming to terms with expressing their language in a new, foreign writing system. The characters used on the documents are an eclectic mix of various calligraphic styles chronicling the confusion of officials trying to master Chinese characters. \n', '\nThe Sutra of the Wise and Foolish (Skt. Damamuka[nidana] Sutra; J. Kengukyô), also known as the Sutra of the Karma of the Wise and Foolish (J. Kengu innen kyô), is a thirteen-volume sutra consisting of sixty-nine metaphorical narratives that describe the karmic pasts of wise and foolish people. This handscroll includes a total of 262 lines, consisting of Chapter 8 ("Vajra, the Daughter of King Prasenajit"), Chapter 9 ("Golden Wealth"), Chapter 10 ("Heavenly Flowers"), Chapter 11 ("Heavenly Jewels"), and the final lines of Chapter 48 ("Upagupta"). In view of the shorter length of the first sheet of paper and other factors, this work was probably copied from a sixteen- or seventeen-volume version of the sutra, rather than from the usual thirteen-volume version. The handscroll is called the "Yamato Edition" (J. Yamato gire), because it was kept at Tôdai-ji Temple located in the Yamato region (present-day Nara Prefecture). Since its calligraphy has been attributed to Emperor Shômu (r. 724-749), it is also known by the name of "Great Shômu"(J. Ôjômu).The paper is dabishi, or "cremation paper," a type of paper said to be made from the cremated ashes of Sakyamuni. Dabishi is a thick, high-grade paper that contains powder made from fragrant wood and is coated with a whitewash made from ground, roasted seashells. Ruled lines are brushed onto the paper with diluted ink.Although sutras are usually copied with seventeen characters per line, this transcription of Kengukyô uses eleven to fourteen characters per line. The voluminous brush strokes achieved by writing characters of larger size are orderly yet dynamic. Although this handscroll is generally thought to have been written in China and then brought to Japan, some scholars have suggested that it was transcribed in Japan by a Chinese calligrapher. \n', '\nTwenty-nine draft letters by Fujiwara Tadamichi (1097-1164) are collected in this volume, only the sixth of which has an inscription dated the year 1311 (Daiji 6). Fujiwara Tadamichi, the son of Tadazane (the eldest son of Moromichi, 1078-1162), served as regent (J., sesshô) and chancellor (J., kanpaku), and ascended as high as the rank of prime minister (J., dajô daijin). He used the Buddhist name Hosshôji after entering the priesthood. Not only was he well versed both in the Japanese and Chinese classics, but he was also renowned for his mastery of calligraphy, the style of which is recognized as Hosshôji ryû.\n', '\nThis scroll has no written title, but it contains forty-nine waka poems from the twelfth volume ("Poems of Love, II" ) of the early-Heian, official poetry anthology, the Kokin Wakashu.  The poems are written on imported, Chinese paper with design of mica-imprinted bamboo and peach blossoms.  The characters, spacing and continuous script are remarkable.  The highly individual style of calligraphic sryle, traditionally attributed to 0no-no-Michikaze, coupled with the decorative beauty of the paper has given this scroll the highly honorific title, "the finest of the meibutsu-gire (famous calligraphic works)." This work is said to have been part of the collection of Hon\'ami Koetsu, the well-known Momoyama connoisseur-designer, and it is thus known as the "Hon\'ami gire."\n', '\nThese handscrolls are made of elegantly decorated paper with background paintings (called ashide-e , literally, “reed paintings”) over which the text of the Anthology of Japanese and Chinese Poems for Recitation (J. Wakan rôeishû) was transcribed. The second scroll has a colophon indicating that it was brushed on the fourth day of the fourth month in 1160 (Eireki 1) by Sesonji Koreyuki (d. 1175), a fifth-generation descendant of the master calligrapher Fujiwara Yukinari (972-1027). A distinguished calligrapher in his own right, Koreyuki is also known for having authored a book on calligraphy entitled Yakaku-teikinshô (“Selections from the Night Crane Garden”).Ashide-e are paintings that incorporate a style of characters called ashide that were popular during the late Heian period (794-1185). Ashide designs mixed characters as pictorial elements with motifs such as reeds, birds, water, and other seasonal symbols,  were used on a wide array of objects, including clothing and furniture.Each section of the two scrolls has a complete ashide-e background painting whose delicate design poses a riddle based on the keyword of a poem. Such elegant visual and literary play was often enjoyed by Heian courtiers.Although the title on the first page of the text is the Notes on the Anthology of Japanese and Chinese Poems for Recitation (J. Wakan rôeishû), the two scrolls actually contain the complete transcription of the work with no commentary. The Anthology was originally compiled by the Heian poet Fujiwara Kintô (966-1041), who selected approximately eight hundred outstanding Japanese and Chinese poems suitable for recitation and categorized them according to seasonal themes.\n', '\nPart of an anthology of Chinese poems, containing 282 lines of 40 poems by Tang Dynasty poets such as Yin Yao, Gu Yanzhang, and Yang Shidao. As this is the only extant part of the volume, the editor cannot be identified or the exact quantity of the volumes known. Considering that all the poets in this anthology belonged to the Tang Dynasty, it might have been edited in those days. This copy was actually written in the early Heian Period. Kukai (774-835) is assumed to have been the copier. It is a valuable example of an anthology written in the Tang Dynasty and also as an unusual example of So\'sho style calligraphy in the Heian Period. Some detached segments, called "Nan\'in Gire", are also valuable works of ancient calligraphy.\n', '\nThis is an esoteric Buddhist commentary by Kûkai (774-835, posthumously known as Kôbô Daishi) that explains the title of the Vajracchedika Sutra (J. Nôdan kongô hannyaharamitsu kyô, popularly known as the Diamond Sutra). A kaidai is a formal interpretation of the title of a sutra and explication of its importance. However, since additions and corrections can be found throughout this manuscript, it is regarded a draft.The Diamond Sutra itself has six Chinese translations of which the one by Kumarajiva is most frequently used. However, the version that Kûkai used for his interpretation was that translated by the monk Yijing (J. Gijô, 635-713) of the Tang dynasty (618-907). The Diamond Sutra attracted many devotees in Tang China, and stories of its miraculous power to benefit believers were compiled in the Collection on the Efficacy of Adamantine Wisdom (Ch. Jingang banruo jiyanji; J. Kongô hannya shûgenki). The sutra also had a strong following in Japan. By the Nara period (710-794), a large number of copies was produced by the Imperial Office for Sutra Copying. During the Heian period (794-1185), belief in the powers and efficacy of this sutra grew even stronger. Stories from the Collection on the Efficacy of Adamantine Wisdom, brought from China, were collected in Japanese compilations of Buddhist tales such as Miraculous Stories of Karmic Retribution of Good and Evil in Japan (J. Nihon ryôiki), the Collection of Tales of Times Now Past (J. Konjaku monogatarishû).Sanpô-in Temple of the Daigô-ji Monastery in Kyoto is believed to have originally owned the Kongô hannyakyô kaidai commentary. At some point, however, it was removed from the temple and cut into sections. The extant sections of the manuscript total about 150 lines. This segment in thirty-eight line was owned by the Takamatsu-no-miya family. A sixty-three-line segment in the collection of the Kyoto National Museum and other fragments (J. dankan) are also known to exist. An eighty-six-line segment that was part of the first section of the original manuscript was destroyed by fire during the Great Tokyo Earthquake of 1923 (Taishô 12).In the tenth month of 813 (Kônin 4), Fujiwara Kadonomaro (715-818) completed 187 copies of the Diamond Sutra as an offering (J. kuyô). Some years earlier, in 804 (Enryaku 23), Kadonomaro had traveled to the continent as an ambassador to Tang China on the same boat as Kûkai. Their ship had met with a violent storm, and they drifted at sea for more than a month. At that time, Kadonomaro made a vow to 187 deities that he would make an offering of a copy of the Diamond Sutra to each one if the ship were spared. They eventually reached port safely, and Kadonomaro honored his promise by offering187 copies of the Diamond Sutra to the gods. Kûkai wrote the dedicatory prayer (J. ganmon) for Kadonomaro, and it is thought that Kongô hannyakyô kaidai was authored at the same time.\n', '\nThe thirty volumes of the Chronicles of Japan (J. Nihon shoki), completed in 720 (Yôrô 4), comprise Japan\'s oldest imperially commissioned historical document. Recorded chronologically in classical Chinese (J. kanbun) are events from the mythical age of the gods (J. jindai) through the eighth month of the eleventh reign year of Empress Jitô (645-702, r. 686-697) in 697.Since explications of the Chronicles of Japan were a vital part of the life of the imperial court, many copies were produced. There are about ten extant early editions, whichare generally classified into two categories-editions that were either passed down in or related to the Urabe family and those that were not. Examples of the first type include the Kanekata edition in the Kyoto National Museum, transcribed in 1286 (Kôan 9), and the Kanenatsu edition in the collection of Tenri University Library, dating from 1303 (Kengen 2), both of which chronicle the "Age of the Gods." Of the second type include this ninth-century work from the Nara National Museum, known as the Tanaka edition, as well as the Iwasaki edition in the Kyoto National Museum, copied in the tenth to eleventh centuries and consisting of volumes 22 and 24, and the Maeda edition in the Maeda Ikutokukai collection, dating from the eleventh century and consisting of volumes 11, 14, 17, and 20. All the editions above have all been designated as National Treasures.This manuscript of the Chronicles of Japan, Volume 10, "Chronicle of Emperor Ôjin," in its present state consists of nine sheets of paper, the first and last sheets having been lost. The scroll gives an account of the fifteenth ruler, Emperor Ôjin (270?-310), from the second to the forty-first year of his life. Here, celebrated events such as the visit of the scholar Wani, an envoy from the Korean kingdom of Paekche (4th-7th centuries) are recorded.The calligraphy brushed in a graceful, regular script (J. kaisho) indicates an early Heian period (794-1185) date, making the Tanaka version the oldest extant transcription of the Chronicles of Japan. Moreover, this version-which has no punctuation marks or phonetic script (J. kana) to indicate readings for the characters-is highly valued as being faithful to the original work. In closely examining the contents, textual variations not seen in other versions, such as the rendering of Ôyamato mokumanchi as simply mokumanchi, can be found, indicating that transcriptional errors appeared in later copies.On the back of this scroll is copied the Collected Writings of Kûkai (J. Shôryôshû). Judging from the calligraphic style, this text is considered to have been transcribed in the late Heian period, after this volume of the Chronicles of Japan had fallen into disuse.\n', '\nThis certificate was issued by the Dazaifu, the government headquarters in Kyûshû, in 853 (Ninju 3) at the time Enchin departed for China. The seal of the government office has been stamped in three places. Information in the document tells us that Enchin boarded a boat on which a Chinese merchant named Wang Chao and others were returning home.\n', '\nThe Anthology of Ten Thousand Leaves (J. Man\'yôshû) is the earliest extant Japanese poetry collection. Most of the poems were written in the seventh and eighth centuries, but this poetry classic continued to be copied throughout Japanese history. This edition is one of the "Five Great Man\'yôshû Codices," which also includes those known as the Katsura, Ranshi ("Indigo-died Paper"), Kanazawa, and Tenji versions. Among these, this copy is regarded as being particularly important both because of the skill of the calligraphers who collaborated on the project and also because it includes the largest number of poems. This work is called the Genryakukô Version because an inscription on the last volume states that it was collated in the first year of the Genryaku era (1184).This text is written on the high-quality paper made of ganpi fibers known as torinoko (literally, "chick" paper, owing to its light yellowish brown color), decorated with subtle purple and indigo "flying clouds" (J. tobikumo) and marked with guidelines in light ink. The poems are written in either hiragana (the Japanese phonetic syllabary) or the more traditional man\'yôgana, which represents words logographically and/or characters phonetically in Chinese characters. The writing of the first volume has historically been attributed to the renown calligrapher Fujiwara Yukinari (972-1027), who is included as one of the "Three Great Masters of Calligraphy." Yukinari is said to have perfected Japanese-style calligraphy. However, the calligraphy style dates this work somewhat later than Yukinari.In the late seventeenth century, these volumes belonged to Nakagawa Jôu (n.d.) of Matsusaka, a city near Ise Shrine. Later, they were acquired by the princely Arisugawa family, which passed on six volumes to the newly-formed princely Takamatsu family. The other fourteen volumes, which first became the possession of the Kuwana Matsudaira family, were later owned by the high-ranking government official Mizuno Tadakuni (1794-1851), and then by the Kogawa family before all twenty books came into the collection of the Tokyo National Museum.\n', '\nThe fifty-volume Digest on Statecraft (Ch. Qhunshu Zhiyao; J. Gunshochô) was compiled in China in 631 by Wei Jen, an official in charge of the Imperial Library, on the orders of Emperor Taizong (r. 627-650) of the Tang dynasty (618-c. 907). A crucial work for understanding Chinese political thought of the period, it was also read by Japanese officials under Emperor Ninmyô (r. 833-850) in the early Heian period (794-1185) and was considered an extremely important book by later Japanese emperors.The Tokyo National Museum owns thirteen volumes, which were passed down in the aristocratic Kujô clan. These were copied in the mid-Heian period from a manuscript prepared in China in the Tang dynasty and are the oldest surviving copies of the text. Each of the handscrolls was made by joining sheets of paper dyed in shades of colors such as purple, pale blue, and brown, as well as sheets decorated with "flying-clouds" (J. tobikumo). The paper was then ruled with gold guidelines, and the text copied in a decorous Japanese style. Several people worked together to copy the text, inserting annotations about variant texts and grammatical aids for reading the Chinese.These volumes are unusual in that Chinese works were seldom copied on colorful paper such as that used here. Because of the beauty of both the paper and the brushwork, parts of this manuscript were also cut into segments and treasured in later generations as fragments of early exemplary calligraphy (J. kohitsugire).\n', '\nThe title of this poetry collection, Autumn Bushclover Anthology (J. Akihagi-jô), comes from the first poem on its first page, which begins with the words, "The leaves of the autumn bush clover." The calligraphy is in the simple cursive style (J. sôgana) and dates from the Heian period (794-1185) when the form of writing known as "woman\'s hand" (J. onnade) began to assume its final form. The fact that the text originates at such a pivotal moment, as well as the beauty of both the characters and the colored papers on which they were written, have made this one of the most famous works in the history of Japanese calligraphy.The scroll was made by joining twenty richly-colored sheets of paper dyed in various shades of white, indigo, brown, yellow, and green. Forty-eight Japanese poems (J. waka) have been copied out on the first fifteen sheets; and twelve letters by the Chinese Eastern Jin-dynasty (314-420) calligrapher Wang Xizhi (303-361) have been transcribed on the sixteenth through twentieth sheets. The poems on the first sheet are in the hand of Ono no Michikaze (894-966); the remaining nineteen sheets are said to have been copied by Fujiwara no Yukinari (972-1027), who put the final touches to Japanese-style calligraphy. There is no reliable evidence, however, that Yukinari was involved in the production of this manuscript, and some have suggested that the second calligrapher was the emperor Fushimi (r. 1288-98).A section of philosophical treaties, Huainan zi, dating from the Former Han dynasty (206 B.C.-A.D. 8), had been copied out in vigorous but smooth and decorous standard-style characters (J. kaisho) on what are now the reverse sides of the second through twentieth sheets in the scroll. This manuscript was copied in China during the Tang dynasty (618-c. 907) and is known as the Commentary on Huainan zi (Ch. Huainan honglie binglue jiangu).\n', '\nBo Juyi (772-846), the celebrated Chinese poet from the middle of the Tang period (618-c. 907), is known as Hakurakuten in Japan. The Poetic Anthology of Bo Juyi (Ch. Boshi shi; J. Hakushi shi) was greatly admired by aristocrats during the Heian period (794-1185).  Fujiwara Yukinari (972-1027) together with Ono Michikaze (894-966) and Fujiwara Sukemasa (944-998) were extolled for their superb calligraphy as the "Three Great Masters of Calligraphy," who brought wayô (a distinctively Japanese manner of calligraphy, in contrast to the Chinese manner) to maturity. Fujiwara Yukinari is regarded as the founder of the Sesonji lineage of calligraphy, which later became the leading tradition of wayô calligraphy.This handscroll was written by Yukinari at the age of forty-seven. Eight poems from volume 65 of the Poetic Anthology of Bo Juyi are written in a sophisticated, dignified style of calligraphy on nine joined sheets of paper elegantly dyed in light brown, claret, and other shades. At the end of the handscroll, there is a postscript by Yukinari himself followed by another postscript indicating that the handscroll was purchased in Hôen 6 (1140) by Fujiwara Tadanobu (d.1187), the fifth-generation head of the Sesonji lineage. The colophon of Emperor Fushimi (r. 1288-1298) over the seams on the back of the paper attests to the fact that this handscroll was also a cherished treasure of the emperor.\n', '\nThis version of the Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poems (J. Kokin wakashû) is the oldest complete manuscript of the more than thirty different extant Heian-period (794-1185) editions of this poetry anthology. It contains the Japanese preface (J. kanajo) and all twenty "scrolls" (the anthology is divided into thematically unified sections which are called "scrolls" no matter what form the text takes). Here, it is bound in book form and comprises two volumes. An afterword to the first volume is dated the third year of Gen\'ei (1120), hence its name, the "Gen\'ei Version" (J. Gen\'ei bon).The paper used to make the volumes was dyed in colors such as purple, red, green, yellow, brown, and white, and printed with mica (J. kira) in various Chinese-style designs including diamonds (J. hishi), octagonal tortoise-shell designs (J. kikkô), arabesques (J. karakusa), and interlocking circles (J. shippô). Gold and silver flakes and dust was also sprinkled over the front and back of the papers. The poems written on these gorgeous sheets are either composed in two or three neat lines or decoratively scattered across the page, using both Chinese characters (J. kanji) and the Japanese phonetic syllabary (J. kana). The calligraphy is technically ambitious-the brush strokes are made heavier or lighter depending on the atmosphere of the page-and the manuscripts are valuable to both Japanese art history and literary history. Fujiwara no Sadazane, the great grandson of the renowned calligrapher Fujiwara no Yukinari (972-1027), who put the final touches on Japanese-style calligraphy, is thought to have copied out the text.This copy of the Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poems was passed down within the Owari Tokugawa clan. After entering the hands of the Kaga Maeda clan, it became the property of the Mitsui family, which later donated it to the Tokyo National Museum.\n', '\nThe Essay on Ten Styles of Japanese Poems (J. Wakatai jisshu) is a poetry treatise completed around the end of the tenth or the beginning of the eleventh century. It is said to have been written by the poet and scholar Mibu Tadamine (898-920), who is known as one of the "Thirty-six Poetic Sages" (J. sanjûrokkasen). Because of this association, another name for this collection is the Ten Styles of Tadamine (J. Tadamine jisshu), although modern scholars doubt Tadamine\'s involvement.This scroll, the oldest-known copy of this manuscript, was written on thin high-quality ganpi paper, known as torinoko (literally, "chick" paper because of its light yellowish brown, egg-like color), decorated with indigo and purple "flying cloud" (J. tobikumo) patterns. This type of paper was typically used in the Heian period (794-1185). Each of the ten styles of waka-one of the most popular styles of classical Japanese poetry, consisting of 31 syllables-is discussed separately. Five examples of each type of poem are given in hiragana (cursive phonetic script) and an added explanation is written in Chinese characters.At the end of this scroll, the noted calligraphy connoisseur Kohitsu Ryôsa (1572-1662) names Fujiwara Tadaie (1033-1091) as the calligrapher, though there is no proof of this. Tadaie was the grandfather of the famous poet Fujiwara Toshinari (also known as Shunzei, 1114-1204).\n', "\nThe Illustrated Tales of the Three Buddhist Jewels (J. Sanbô ekoboba) is a collection of Buddhist tales edited by the great mid-Heian poet and scholar Minamoto Tamenori in 984 (Eikan 2). The tales are organized into three volumes, one for each of the three Buddhist jewels: Buddha, Dharma (teachings), and Sangha (community). The first volume consists of tales of Sakyamuni's past lives (Skt. jataka); the second volume consists of eighteen biographies of people after the time of Prince Shôtoku (574-622); and the last section records commentaries and tales about Buddhist ceremonies. Each scroll has a preface. It appears that the books were originally illustrated, but the pictures have been lost. Each page contains eight or nine lines with a mixture of Chinese characters and cursive script (J. kana). A later portion of the text was copied on the eighth day of the eighth month of Bun'ei 10 (1273). One leaf is missing at the end of the first scroll, but this otherwise nearly complete collection has been handed down at Kanchi-in of Kyôôgokoku-ji (commonly known as Tô-ji) Temple in Kyoto.\n", '\nThe New Book of Tales of the World (Ch. Shishuo xinshu; J. Sesetsu shinjo), is a collection of anecdotes about distinguished persons in China from the Later Han dynasty  (25-220) until the Eastern Jin dynasty (317-419). It was compiled by Liu Yiqing (403-444) during the Song (420-479), one of the Southern dynasties of the Six Dynasties period (220-589), and later annotated by Liu Xiaobiao during the Liang dynasty (502-557) to consist finally of thirty-six anecdotes in three volumes.The four chapters on this scroll-"Admonitions and Warnings" (Ch. Gui zhen), "Quick Perception" (Ch. Jie wu), "Precocious Intelligence" (Ch. Su  hui), and "Virile Vigor" (Ch. Hao shang)-were cut apart and owned by different families. This section contains the "Virile Vigor" chapter. On each of the four sheets of joined paper, ruled lines have been drawn with ink to mark off twenty-fives lines of text per sheet. The style of calligraphy is graceful and elegant. Because the use of characters in the posthumous name of Emperor Gaozong (r. 644-683) has been avoided in the "Admonitions and Warnings" chapter, this scroll is thought to have been transcribed after the time of Gaozong. The title New Book of Tales of the World, Volume 6, written at the end of the scroll, indicates that the ten-volume manuscript described in records was extant and that it was initially called Shishuo xinshu rather than Shishuo xinyu (New Account of Tales of the World), the name by which it has been known since the Song dynasty (960-1279). During the Heian period (794-1185), kana (Japanese phonetic syllabary) and marks were added in red ink to facilitate the reading of the classical Chinese text. The name of the learned Japanese priest Kôhô (1306-1362) is written in ink at the end of the scroll, an indication that the scroll was handed down within the Kanchi-in subtemple of Kyôôgokoku-ji (Tô-ji Temple) in Kyoto. The back of this scroll was used, probably at the end of the Heian period, for the transcription of an esoteric Buddhist manual entitled Kongôchô rengebushin nensô giki.\n', '\nThe Document of Antiquities (Ch. Shang shu) is another name for the Chinese classic Book of Documents (Ch. Shu jing), which records Chinese history from the time of the legendary rulers Yao and Shun, more than 2,000 years B.C., to that of Mugong, one of the four rulers of the state of Qin during the Spring and Autumn Annals period (770 B.C.-403 B.C.). According to tradition, Confucius compiled this collection of historical documents, which was originally written in the early-Chinese ligu (J. reiko; ancient squared characters) script. During the Tang dynasty (618-c.907), however, on the orders of Emperor Xuanzong (685-762), the text was revised and rewritten in the new script current in that era.This transcription, known as the Old-Script Document of Antiquities (J. Kobun Shôsho), consists of seven sheets joined together with twenty-one lines ruled in black ink and annotations transcribed in small characters in two lines on each page. During the mid-Heian period (794-1185), Japanese annotations in black and red ink were also added to facilitate in the reading of the Chinese text. Although portions at the beginning and the end of the document are missing, most of the main text-chapter one, first section, "Vow on Mount Tai" to chapter five, "Wusheng"-remains. This handscroll was brought to Japan in the Nara period (710-794) before the Document of Antiquities underwent its widespread revision under Xuanzong, and it is therefore thought that it was transcribed at the beginning of the Tang dynasty. On the back of this manuscript, as well as those of the editions of the Tôyô Bunko Archives and the Imperial Household Agency, is copied Genpisho, a document on the research of era names by the Kamakura-period (1185-1333) scholar Takatsuji Naganari. Postscripts by the Chinese geologist Luo Zhenyu (1866-1940) and by the scholar of East Asian history Naitô Konan (1866-1934) were added to this document.\n', '\nXutang Zhiyu (J. Kidô Chigu, 1185-1269) was a Chinese Chan (J. Zen) monk active during the Southern Song dynasty (1127-1279). He was an eminent monk of the Songyuan lineage of the Linji (J. Rinzai) School. Early in his career he served as the head monk of a number of temples, and in his later years he became the fortieth head monk of Wanshou Temple on Mt. Jing. Many Japanese monks traveled to see this Chinese master.This calligraphy, written by Xutang Zhiyu when he was about eighty, is dedicated to a "brilliant Japanese Zen practitioner" (J. Nihon no shôzenja), who may have been Mushô Jôshô (1234-1306), a monk from Jôchi-ji Temple in Kamakura. Mushô went to visit him in China in 1262. Three years later, in 1265, he returned to Japan and later founded Busshin-ji Temple in Kyoto.Another Japanese monk who also received an enlightenment certificate (J. inka) from Xutang Zhiyu was Nanpo Jômyô (1235-1308), a Zen master in the lineage of the Daitoku-ji and Myôshin-ji Temples in Kyoto. Because Daitoku-ji in particular has had close associations with the art of Japanese tea ceremony, Xutang Zhiyu\'s manuscripts have been highly valued by tea masters.The scroll was at one time a prized possession of the merchant and tea afficionado Takeno Jôô (1502-1555) of the city of Sakai. It then passed into the ownership of Daimonjiya Eisei, a wealthy Kyoto merchant during the Azuchi-Momoyama period (1573-1615). In 1637 (Kan\'ei 14), however, a servant entered the family storage vault, ripped the document, and then committed suicide. Since then it has been known as the "Torn Xutang" (J. Yabure Kidô). It later came into the hands of the lord of Matsue and famous tea master, Matsudaira Fumai (1751-1818), and was for many years passed down within the Matsudaira family of Izumo Province (present-day Shimane Prefecture).\n', '\nYuanwu Keqin (J. Engo Kokugon, 1063-1135) was a Chinese Chan (J. Zen) monk who lived during the Northern Song dynasty (960-1126). The emperor of the Northern Song (1082-1135), Huizong (r. 1101-1125), and the emperor of the Southern Song (c. 1127-1279), Gaozong (r. 1127-1163), both paid reverence to him. He is also famous for his contributions to the Blue Cliff Record (Ch. Biyanlu; J. Hekiganroku), one of the most important and oldest kôan collections of Chan literature.This document is the first half of an enlightenment certificate given by Yuanwu to his disciple Huqiu Shaolong (1077-1136) in recognition of the latter\'s spiritual achievement, and it is the oldest extant document written by a Chan master. The text of the document outlines the spiritual lineage of Chan, explaining its beginnings in India, its transmission to China, and its division into different schools during the Song dynasty. The writing itself is unconventional, but it expresses the maturity that results from long years of rigorous religious practice. Within the world of the Japanese tea ceremony, it is considered the preeminent example of Zen calligraphy.Legend has it that this document, placed inside a paulownia wood canister, drifted ashore on the coast of Bônotsu in Satsuma Province (present-day Kagoshima Prefecture). Therefore, in Japanese, it is also known as Nagare Engo ("Floating Yuanwu").This certificate was once owned by the Daisen-in subtemple of Daitoku-ji Temple, and then by Tani Sôtaku (1557-1615), a wealthy merchant and tea master from the city of Sakai. Later, according to the wishes of the feudal lord Date Masamune (1567-1636), it was divided by Furuta Oribe (1544-1615). It eventually made its way to Shôun-ji Temple, and from there it was obtained by Matsudaira Fumai (1751-1818), the lord of Matsue and a noted tea master, when he made a generous contribution to the temple of 1000 ryô in cash and a yearly rice allowance of 30 hyô.\n', "\nDahui Zonggao (J. Daie Sôkô, 1089-1163) was a Chinese Chan (J. Zen) monk of the Southern Song dynasty (1126-1279). He practiced Linji (J. Rinzai) Chan under the tutelage of Yuanwu Keqin (J. Engo Kokugon, 1063-1135). As the founder of the Dahui lineage, his sayings are collected in the three-volume Treasury of the Eye of the True Dharma (Ch. Zhengfa yancang; J. Shôbôgenzô).The imperial court of the Song dynasty had fled to the south during the invasion by the Jin (Jurchens), but in 1127 the prime minister Qin Hui made a pact with the Jin. Because many of those who opposed Qin Hui were lay followers of Dahui, Qin Hui even directed his repressive measures against the Chan master, and Dahui was defrocked and exiled first to Hengzhou in Hunan and then to Meizhou in Canton. In 1156, he received a pardon from Emperor Gaozong (r. 1127-1163) and returned to monastic life, becoming the head monk at such places as Wanshou Temple at Mt. Jing.Dahui sent this vibrant piece of calligraphy from his exile in Meizhou to his friend, the lay practitioner Wuxiang (J. Musô), and is the most highly valued example of Dahui's calligraphy. It was once owned by the Japanese Zen monk Kôgetsu Sôgan, who is well known as an early Edo-period tea master. Later it was owned by the famous tea master Matsudaira Fumai (1751-1818), Lord of Matsue.\n", '\nThe Chinese Chan (J. Zen) monk Wuzhun Shifan (J. Bushun Shiban, 1177-1249), who lived during the Southern Song dynasty (1127-1279), was the head monk of a number of temples before becoming the thirty-fourth head monk of Wanshou Temple at Mt. Jing. Among his disciples were many famous monks, including Wuxue Zuyuan (J. Mugaku Sogen), who came to Japan and founded Engaku-ji Temple in Kamakura; Wuan Puning (J. Gottan Funei), who also came to Kamakura and was chosen as the second head monk of Kenchô-ji Temple; and the Japanese monk Enni Ben\'en (also known as the "National Teacher Shôichi" [J. Shôichi Kokushi], 1202-1280), who traveled to China in 1235 (Katei 1), received an enlightenment certificate (J. inka) from Wuzhun Shifan, and returned to Japan to found Tôfuku-ji Temple in Kyoto.In 1242 (Jun\'yû 2), the year after Ben\'en returned to Japan, Wanshou Temple, where Wuzhun Shifan resided, was destroyed by fire. Ben\'en was at Jôten-ji Temple in Hakata when he learned of the fire, and he donated a thousand boards of lumber to help reconstruct Wanshou Temple. This document, also known as the "Calligraphy of the Board Gift" (J. Itawatashi no Bokuseki), is Wuzhun Shifan\'s letter of thanks for Enni Ben\'en\'s gift. In the letter, Wuzhun Shifan congratulates Ben\'en on the construction of Jôten-ji, informs Ben\'en of how many boards were received, thanks him for the gift, and encourages him in his efforts to spread the Zen School in Japan.This letter was once owned by Matsudaira Fumai (1751-1818), the lord of Matsue and a famous tea master.\n', '\nSwords with decorative mountings (J. kazaritachi) were carried by high-ranking nobles at official court ceremonies and could only be used with special permission from the Emperor. These mountings are characterized by rayskin-covered hilts, Chinese-style sword guards (J. karatsuba), and long metal fittings on the scabbard (J. saya) and hilt (J. tsuka).The metal fittings on this mounting are decorated with a detailed chrysanthemum pattern in gilt openwork carved in high relief over a silver ground. The two fittings closer to the scabbard\'s mouth have raised sections on to which hanging straps are fitted. In view of their distinctive profile, these are known as "mountain-shaped fittings" (J. yamagata kanamono). The areas on the scabbard between the metal fittings are decorated with long-tailed birds in mother-of-pearl inlay (J. raden) on lacquer "pear-skin" ground (J. nashiji). The slight but graceful curve of the overall form is a Japanese departure from the straightness of earlier examples that adhere more closely to Chinese prototypes.This mounting was handed down in the Hirohashi family, descendants of the northern branch of the aristocratic Fujiwara clan, and is reputed to have been owned by the Nara-period (710-794) government official Fujiwara Matate.\n', '\nThis group of objects comes from a grave of cremated remains that was discovered by a farmer plowing a field in the province of Yamato (present-day Nara Prefecture) in 1831. The circumstances of this discovery were written about in detail in a report made by the local magistrate\'s office, which said that from the grave was excavated a bronze box and a gilt-bronze container surrounded by charcoal. Within the box was a bronze plaque with an engraved epitaph, and within the container was a green glass urn filled with ashes.From the epitaph, we know that this was the grave of Fumi no Nemaro, who died in the ninth month of Keiun 4 (707). According to two eighth-century histories, the Chronicles of Japan (J. Nihon shoki) and the Continued Chronicles of Japan (J. Zoku Nihongi), Nemaro was a warrior from a migrant clan from the continent, the Kawachi no Aya. During the Jinshin Rebellion of 672, he helped Prince Ôama, who later became Emperor Tenmu (r. 673-686), defeat the forces of his nephew Prince Ôtomo. Because of his valorous service at the time of the conflict, Nemaro was posthumously granted the upper senior fourth rank.The custom of cremation was transmitted to Japan along with Buddhism and eventually came to include the Chinese and Korean practice of placing an epitaph in the grave. This is the earliest reliably datable example of an epitaph accompanying cremated remains. It consists of the following inscription engraved on the cast-bronze plaque: "General of the Jinshin Year, Commander of the Guards Department of the Left, Upper Senior Fourth Rank, Fumi no Nemaro. Died on the twenty-first day of the ninth month of Keiun 4 in the junior fire-sheep year."The gilt-bronze outer container has a body with a low base, and a lid fitted with a knob shaped like a Buddhist jewel; inside are fragments of a cloth that had been used to wrap the glass urn. The urn itself has a low, flat body, and its lid is also fitted with a jewel-shaped knob. The practice of placing cremated remains in a glass container wrapped in cloth and placed in an outer container is based on the treatment of Buddhist relics. The rare use of green glass for a funerary urn, along with the superior quality of the gilt-bronze outer container, seems most appropriate for the burial of a hero of the Jinshin War.\n', "\nThis ewer, currently in the collection of the Tokyo National Museum, was originally part of the Imperial Bequest to Hôryû-ji Temple. In Meiji 11 (1878), it was given back to the Imperial Household.The shape of this ewer, with the handle attached to a long neck and the main body expanding at the bottom, originated in the Persian Sassanian Dynasty (A.D. 226-642). Once thought to be made of silver, this piece was formerly designated a National Treasure as the Silver Dragon-Headed Vase (J. kohei). It was later found to be cast of bronze and plated with gold and silver. The stately dragon's head forms the spout and its slender body is extended as the handle. A butterfly hinge at its jaw by the handle serves as the lid, which can be opened by flipping up the dragon's head, thus allowing the user to pour with one hand. The dragon's eyes are inset with pale green glass. On the main body, which was thinly cast, four winged horses (Pegasus), delicately depicted in fine hairline engraving (J. kebori) and highlighted with gilding, face each other in two pairs. The body, the spout, and the lever were cast separately, and the neck and main body were completed on a lathe. This magnificent object, combining a Chinese dragon and the Persian Pegasus- traditional motifs of east and west-conveys a sense of power and energy in both design and form. Although it had been thought to originate in Tang-dynasty (618-c. 907) China, the molding of the dragon and the hairline engraving technique provide evidence that it may have been produced in seventh-century Japan.\n", '\nEmperor Shômu (r. 724-749) passed away on the second day of the fifth month of Tenpyô Shôhô 8 (756), and on the eighth day of the seventh month of the same year his wife, Empress Kôken (r. 749-758), donated some of his cherished possessions to eighteen major temples, including Tôdai-ji Temple, as a prayer for his happiness in the next world. The Record of Imperial Bequest to Hôryû-ji Temple (J. Hôryû-ji kenmotsu chô) catalogues the objects bequeathed to Hôryû-ji Temple on that occasion.The Record of Imperial Bequest to Hôryû-ji Temple was originally prepared as a scroll, though later it was cut and remounted in its present format as a framed sheet. Ruled lines were drawn in thin ink on light blue hemp paper, upon which were written a total of twenty-two lines of powerful Chinese-style regular square characters (J. kaisho) and impressively stamped with the red imperial seal. At the end of the page, appears the signature of five influential members of the imperial court of the Nara period (710-794)-Fujiwara Nakamaro, Fujiwara Nagate, Koma Fukushin, Kamo Tsunotari, and Kazuragi Henushi, whose brushstrokes are richly expressive of their individual personalities, whose brushstrokes are richly expressive of their individual personalities.Many other possessions of Emperor Shômu (701-756, r. 724-749) that were delivered to Tôdai-ji Temple are also famed as the Treasures of the Shôsô-in Repository in Nara. The catalogue of these objects, the Record of Imperial Bequest to Tôdai-ji Temple, is also extant.\n', '\nThese mirrors were dedicated to Hôryû-ji Temple by Empress Kômyô (701-760) on the anniversary of the death of Prince Shôtoku (574-622), on the twenty-second day of the second month of Tempyô 8 (736). Cast in nickel, which contains a relatively large amount of tin, these large mirrors are harder and whiter than those made of the more usual bronze. Gamma-ray fluoroscopy of both mirrors shows that they were cast using a superior technique that resulted in a good flow of molten metal.The diameters of these pieces vary slightly but the patterns on the obverse, with the exception of the wave pattern surrounding the central boss, closely resemble each other and are of Chinese style. Four forested mountain peaks, bearing lions, deer, birds and a seated figure, are arranged in the four directions around the circumference of each mirror. These islands are surrounded by waves, upon which float two fishermen in small boats.It is unclear whether these mirrors were made from the same mold or cast from separate molds. Their place of production is also uncertain although it is thought that they may be "imitation mirrors" (J. bôseikyô), cast in Japan but copying the style of Chinese mirrors.\n', '\nThis is a copy of the Lotus Sutra translated into Chinese by Kumarajiva (344-413) in 406 and copied by Li Yuanhui in 694. Li Yuanhui was from Chang-an, but little about him is known.This work, the Lotus Sutra in Minute Characters (J. Saiji Hokekyô), was written on thirty-nine pages of mashi, a paper made of hemp fibers. Each page has fifty-six ruled lines drawn in light ink, with thirty-two characters to a line; seven volumes were copied onto a simple scroll, measuring a total length of more than two meters. The characters are short and minute, at first written precisely and carefully; as the scroll advances, however, they appear distorted, as if having been rapidly transcribed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          This valuable sutra with a jasper-inlaid axis has been stored in a sutra box carved out of a single piece of hollowed sandalwood, split in half. Long handed down at Hôryû-ji Temple, this scroll is said to have belonged to Prince Shôtoku (574-622) and is commonly called the "Honored Companion Sutra" (J. godôbôkyô). This name is based on the legend that the prince was a reincarnation of the great Chinese monk Hui-si (J. Eshi; 515-577), and that he sent a servant to retrieve the sutra, which had been used by a fellow monk (J. dôbô) at the temple in China in his past life.\n', '\nPaintings of Amida\'s Gokuraku-Jodo (Pure Land of Bliss) started to be actively drawn after a Chinese Tang Buddhist priest Zendo (613-681) pictorialized the contents of his writing called "Kanmuryo-Jyubutsu-Kyosho" ("Kan-Kyosho"). The early style of Amida Jodo zu and Kangyo Mandala (Taima Mandala) appeared in the Nara period in Japan and Chiko Mandala, in which two Buddhist priests Chiko and Yorimitsu were drawn in a simple Jodo-zu, was established by a priest of Genkoji, Chiko in the late Nara period. In addition, Seikai Mandala was established in the mid Heian period.  In general, the images taken from the story of Ajase-o (King Ajatashatru) and scenes of Kubon Raigo (nine grades of Amida\'s descent) were drawn around the Jodo-zu in Taima Mandala and 16 Juku and a lotus pedestal are drawn in Seikai Mandala. However, they are not drawn in this painting and only Gokuraku-Jodo is drawn across the painting. Such features are similar to the Chiko Mandala said to have been established in the late Nara period and it seems to have developed based on the concept of an original Jodo-zu from the Tang period. Platforms including Koku, Houro, Geza (lotus pedestal), Hochi and Bugaku are drawn from the top and Shihioka is added to the Geza platform and two Doji are drawn on the Bugaku platform. It seems that these more complex features are similar to the Itae Chiko Mandala held in Gango-ji Temple in Nara. However, the Amida Nyorai in this painting forms the Tenpo Rini (hand position). This is different from the Chiko Mandala forming the Mikaifurenge Gasshoin (hand position), but is the same as the old style Inzo (hand position) of Chuson in Jodohenso-zu from the Tang period. The warm colors used in contrast with white and green create a unique warm style. The bodies are outlined in deep vermillion and each figure has sharp expressions. The clothing is clearly colored and the clothing accessories are beautifully decorated with Kirihaku (gold or silver cut into long thin strips). Together with the Koyasan Saizenin Jodo-zu, this is an extremely precious painting as a Kakefuku-style (hanging scroll) Jodo-zu painting in the late Heian period. This painting was handed down to Gokuraku-ji Temple in Nara as a Seikai Mandala.\n', '\nThere is a story of Zenzai-Doji in Nyuhokkaihon contained in "Kegon Kyo" (Buddhist sutra). In the story, Zenzai-Doji, who had a supple mind and a rich spirit, was determined to become Buddhist after hearing the sermon of Monsyu-Bosatsu and he followed the advice of Monsyu-Bosatsu and visited 53 zenchishiki (good friends who lead us to strengthen our own faith and practice) one after another and finally achieved great enlightenment. The scenes of Zenzai-Doji\'s visits had already been represented in Kegonkyohen known in the Nara period in Japan. This painting is one of the 53 paintings (or 54 painting including Saiken Monjyu) that separately represent scenes of these visits in the order of places visited. These were originally Kakefuku (hanging scrolls) with Kakibyoso (adornments on the cloth of the painting scrolls). Twenty paintings still remain among them and of which, ten paintings are held in Todai-ji Temple and the other 10 paintings are separately held in the Nezu Museum, the Fujita Museum of Art and the Nara National Museum. Although there are some variations in expressions among these paintings, there is no doubt that they are a set of paintings.  It is presumed that Rekisan-zu drawn as wall paintings existed in the late Heian period in Japan (Kogogu Kondousha Anbutsuzo Ganmon). There are also some examples in the Northern Sung in China and it is presumed that a Japanese Buddhist priest, Jyojin, who went to Sung saw the "Zenzai Chishiki" wall painting at the Daibutsu-den in Kaigen-ji Temple in\u3000Lu Chouand Giten from Koraiko (Goryeo) copied "Zaizen Doji Sanzenchishiki 54 Jiku" held at Ein-ji Temple\u3000 in Hangzhou and went back to their own countries. Therefore, the establishment of this painting should be considered from the perspective of East Asia. The names, addresses and tributes, etc., are inscribed on the upper part in ink. The tributes vary and are based on either 60 Kegon or 80 Kegon. The style is not based on the one newly established in the late North Sung period, which is known by Takuhon and Hanga paintings and it probably inherits the characteristics of the old form of Chinese Zenzai Doji Rekisan-zu. Various features seen in the Buddhist paintings in the mid Heian period including Gushoku (whitish pale coloring) expression, colored lines and colored shadow painting (irokuma) are applied and the patterns of the landscapes and unique shapes and types of motifs represented in this painting are also old style. This is a thought-provoking painting due to its conservative style. It is presumed that this painting was hung on the wall of the Chuogoma (break and dining room) of Todai-ji Temple Kaidanin Sanmensobo Kitamuro in the Muromachi period.\n', "\nThis is a picture scroll in light-colored painting, depicting various saints and predecessors centering on the founders of Shingon Esoteric Buddhism in India, China and Japan with sumi lines. It depicts a total of 46 great leaders including the founders of Esoteric Buddhism from Ryumyo, the first patriarch of Esoteric Buddhism, to Kukai; the six founders of Zen Buddhism, including Bodhidharma; the founders of Nanto (Nara) Buddhism, including Ganjin, Gyoki, Prince Shotoku, Kumaraju and Genjo and Chinese saints and predecessors like Wu Wang of the Zhou Dynasty and Confucius.  The illustrations are drawn on quality paper and the founders are depicted with flowing, uninterrupted thin lines. Long lines including curves expressing the pleats at the bottom of their robes are also drawn with one flowing stroke. The soft texture of the robes is expressed through modulated lines drawn with the belly of the brush while their bodies, particularly the hands, are depicted with uniform, thin lines using the tip of the brush to show the hardness of bones. The illustrations demonstrate the artist's high artistic proficiency, which clearly differentiates the texture of each object. The postscript of the scroll says that the scroll was transcribed by Gensho (1146 - ?). Gensho was a learned priest who made a comprehensive study of various sects of Shingon Esoteric Buddhism and is known as a priest who transcribed and collected a large number of teachings and sutras. Documents written by him and from his collection are collectively called Gensho-bon and his signature monochromatic iconographs are particularly famous for their artistic excellence. This scroll shows his distinguished style and constitutes one of the best among Gensho-bon iconographs.  \n", '\nThis scroll - now missing its original first section (comprising text and the scene of the Ichinomiya deity’s appearance) - begins with the origin tale (J., engi) of the Ichinomiya and Ninomiya shrines in Wakasa Province (now\u3000southwestern Fukui Prefecture), represented respectively by the male and female deities Wakasahiko and Wakasahime. The following section traces the lineage of priests who administered the shrines since the time the two deities were enshrined. The distinctive feature of this genealogical painting is the pairing of two successive figures, facing one another.  The priests of odd-numbered generations are portrayed as divine figures in formal court attire, each seated on a dais in front of a standing screen; priests of even-numbered generations are depicted as mortals in informal court attire, seated on tatami mats. This difference is most striking in the first pair, in which the first-generation priest, Tokifumi, dons a Chinese-style robe. The alternate seating arrangement lends to its other title Shinjin-e Keizu (Illustrated Genealogy of Gods and Men).The illustrated narrative is continuous with short annotations inscribed next to key scenes or figures.  The bright coloration and simple, thin lines are also particular to this work. The portraits of the generational priests in the first half of the scroll were painted in the twelfth century, during the Kamakura period (1185-1333), and represent traditional expressions of nise-e (realistic portraits) with its use of fine lines; the latter sections were later additions.\n', '\nChishodaishi Enchin (814-891) brought back over 1,000 various Buddhist painting scrolls from Tang (China). It seems that the "Taizo Shozon Ikkan" included in a list of articles that were brought back from China might be this Taizo-zuzou. It should be noted that according to the record, Enchin received Taizo Kanjo at Choan Seiryu-ji Temple in 855 and later drew a picture of Taizo world. From the sentences written at the beginning (“大毘盧遮那成佛神變加持經中譯出大悲胎藏生秘密曼荼羅主畫像圖巻一［分爲上下／今此上巻］”) and at the end (“珍自分之\u3000爲上下巻”) of the first painting scroll, the Gumyo of the painting and the fact that it was divided into two paintings after being brought back by Enchin became known. According to the Gumyo, when Zenmui translated "Dainichikyo" into Chinese, he had drawn major Buddhist images related to Taizokai. In the first painting scroll, various Buddhist images including Chudaihachiyoin, Jimyoin, Rengebuin, Kongoshuin, Monjuin, Jogaisyoin, Jizoin and Kokuuzoin are drawn. In the second painting scroll, some Shakainshozo and Gekongoubuin are drawn and at the end of the scroll, Zenmui is drawn. Each Buddhist image has features influenced by India and countries to the west of China. These paintings are iconographically different from the current Taizokai Mandala and have unique features of Birushana Nyorai drawn in the beginning of the scroll being represented in a Nyorai style instead of Bosatsu style. Therefore, these paintings are extremely important from the perspective of the study of iconography.    According to the Okugaki (postscript added at the end), Toba Sojo Kakuyu had Ougen copy the Taizozuzo held at Mitsuidera Temple, which Enchin had brought back from Tang (the first copy) and then Shinen copied the first copy (held at Horinin) in 1181 (the second copy) and finally Zenkaku, Zenjitsu and Ajari (Naifu) copied the second copy (held at Daihoin) in 1194. Simply put, these Taizozuzo are the third copy of the original brought back by Enchin.\n', '\nThis painting represents a scene of Fugen Bosatsu, who is a protector of believers of "Hokekyou" and is described in "Hokekyou," Kanboppon, Juura Setsunyo and Kishimojin are also protectors of their believers and are described in "Daranihon," two Bosatsu, Yakuo and Yuse and two Ten, Jikoku and Tamon as a group ride on a large flying cloud and appear before disciplinants. The painting has characteristic features of a large image of Fugen Bosatu riding on a white elephant with six tusks and wearing Kesa (a robe worn by Buddhist priests) and is represented in a style similar to those from the Sung period (China), while Juura Setsunyo (one of 10 goddess is not seen in the painting) and Kishimojin are represented in a traditional Japanese Kimono known as Juni Hitoe. The images combining both Japanese and Chinese features must have deeply impressed the people of the time. A solid structure created by drawing these Buddhist images with firm lines and the delicate patterns colorfully applied on the clothes such as the Juni Hitoe contribute to add a great taste to this painting. It is presumed that the style of Fugen Juura Setsunyo was established in the late Heian period and it is deeply related to a belief among noble women at court. In paintings of Fugen Juura Setsunyo, there are two types of Juura Setsunyo. Some of them contain Juura Setsunyo wearing clothes from the Tang period (China) and others (just like this painting) in Japanese clothes to suit the believers. In particular, it is interpreted that the latter has been established in a creation process that is closer to the lives of the believers and this painting is therefore considered to be a significant work in the history of paintings in Japan. There are only a few paintings representing Fugen Juura Setsunyo in Japanese clothing that are believed to been created in the mid twelfth century. This painting is positioned between one individually held in Tokyo and the other is held in Fukusho-ji Temple in Hyogo.\n', "\nThese three paintings represent Shaka Nyorai at the center who is facing the front and sitting on the Houdan under which a Shishi (lion) is located and Monju Bosatsu sitting on the Shishi on the observer's right and Fugen Bosatsu riding on a white elephant with six tusks on the observer's left. They are either on a rising cloud or a flying cloud floating in empty space. Shaka wears a red vesture while forming a Seppoin mudra (hand gesture) and has a halo behind his head and back. Monju Bosatsu in yellow is wearing a Kesa (Buddhist robe) and holding a Nyoi in both hands. Fugen Bosatsu in white is wearing a Johaku, Kun and Tene and is holding a Byakurenge (white lotus).  They are deeply influenced by Chinese paintings in the Sung and Yuan periods and characteristic features such as Shaka's Nikkei (a bump on top of the head), long face, arched eyebrows, the bridge of the nose drawn with two lines on each side and long nails are derived from Chinese painting. In addition, the decorative crowns worn by the Samurai on both sides, the complicated style of the saddles and the style of how Monju Bosatsu wears the Kesa (Buddhist robe) were copied from the Chinese paintings in the Sung and Yuan periods. Such influences can also be seen from the patterns with Kindei (a painting using gold powder) instead of Kirikane applied on each dressed Buddhist image. The technique known as Kindei Moriage Saishiki, where the clasp is represented by applying Kindei repeatedly on a Kobun (colorant) based foundation to increase the thickness, was often used in the late Kamakura period.\n", '\nA Kannon is a Bosatsu that has been strongly supported since early times. The contents of belief range from fulfilling wishes in this life to praying for life after death (so that the soul is sent to the land of Perfect Bliss) and the iconography (the image) varies greatly. Just like this painting, the image of the Kannon seated on a mountain is derived from the belief in Jodo (the place where the spirits of the Gods live) of Kannon, Fudarakusen.  This painting represents a Senjyu Kannon with 42 arms and 11 faces that is sitting on a lotus pedestal placed on a rock base in a mountain of Fudarakusen. The style is common and based on "Senkougen Kanjizai Bosatsu Himitsu Houkyou" and the face is placed on the top and the kebutsu (small Buddha images attached to larger ones) images are placed at the front. On both sides, two faces for each of the upper levels and three faces for each of the lower levels are placed. The total number of faces including the main face is 11 and each palm of 42 arms has a single eye. Double halos with flames flicker around. The body of the Kannon is drawn with bright red lines and painted in gold. The patterns of the clothes are finely painted in gold and Kobun (pigment) and lines and outlines are decorated with slightly wider Kirikane (gold or silver foil cut into thin strips). In the foreground, a dragon holding a Hoju (sacred gem) is rising from the sea.  The face of the Kannon is slightly longer, which is similar to, for example, the face seem in a Hanga painting held in the Sentai Senjyu Kannon statue enshrined at the Myohoin in Kyoto and it can imagine that it is influenced by exotic Kannon statues in China. In the background, Fudarakusen is drawn by adding ink on a draft with soft lines in an ink drawing style and painted in a color called Gunroku (blue green shade) by a Horinuri style (paint background leaving lines as they are) and gold color is added in spots. Such landscape expressions (Sansui) have appeared in the late Heian period in Japan and they are influenced by Seiryoku Sansui in Chinese paintings. They were gradually adopted to Buddhist paintings in Japan. This mixed style of scenery and sacred images of esoteric Buddhism became popular in the late Kamakura period. It is thought to have been a revolution from both the perspectives of painting and religious history.\n', '\nGodaison (Godai Myoo) are five great Myoo placed in five directions, which is discussed in a set of two scrolls of "Ninnou Gokoku Hannya Haramitta Kyou" translated by a Chinese Buddhist priest Amoghavajra (Fukuu) and a scroll of "Shomuge Kyou" and consists of Fudo (center), Kozanze (east and  to the observer\'s bottom right), Gundari (south and to the observer\'s bottom left), Daiitoku (west and to the observer\'s upper left) and Kongoyasha (north and to the observer\'s upper right). The images of Godaison are drawn as five separate paintings have been seen from the early Heian period and some examples such as Godaison-zo held at To-ji Temple in Kyoto are known. However, just like this painting, the style of Godai Myoo represented in one painting (Fudo Myoo at the center and others in each of the four directions) was established later than that and the images in Hakubyou (ink line painting) first appeared in the period between the late Heian period and the early Kamakura period.      In terms of the style, Fudo has a similar but more ample body than the Ao Fudo held in Shorenin in Kyoto and the faces are similar. It indicates an iconography of Genchoyou (Gencho\'s style). The halo with flames on the back is divided into seven parts as if they were the flames of a Karura (a fire-breathing creature from Japanese Hindu-Buddhist mythology). Two images of Doji have a style mixed with those held in Horaku-ji Temple in Osaka and Ruri-ji Temple (also known as Ruridera) in Hyogo. (Seitaka Doji is the same as Ni-Doji with a style of Hakubyo Genchoyou held at Godai-ji Temple.) The iconographical features of other four Myoo are very similar to the four Myoo excluding Fudo among Godaison in Godai-ji Temple and is also the same as the iconography of Enjinyou contained in "Besson Zakki." In a word, this painting was drawn in a newly established style by combining multiple styles of iconographies. Unlike Ao Fudo, no colorful or fine patterns are applied to Fudo Myoo. The expressions such as the heavy colors, strongly applied Kumadori (shading) and expressive ink lines are rather different from the Buddhist paintings in the Heian period and indicate unique the features of the powerfully expressed Buddhist paintings in the Kamakura period.\n', '\nThe style of portraits of warlords that particularly follows the style of portraits of Zen priests was first established around 1263 when Hojo Tokiyori passed away, under the consideration of deep understanding toward Zen shown by the Hojo Tokuso Family including Regent Hojo Tokiyori in the Kamakura period. Such style of portraits of the Hojo Tokuso Family became popular throughout the Kamakura period and this painting is thought to be one of them.    Ando Ene (1285-1343) was a great warlord in the Kamakura Shogunate and had the post of Rokuhara tandai (the post of a chief of the Kamakura Shogunate). He was commonly known as Ando-haruemonnojyo. He practiced Zen as a disciple of Seikan Sudon, a Chinese priest who served as the chief priest of Enkaku-ji Temple and Kencho-ji Temple in Kamakura and become a Koji (a believer of Zen who practices without becoming a priest) and then became the chief priest of Choraku-ji Temple in Kozuke-no-kuni (county) as Zen priest Naso Ene. He was the son of Ando Rensho (1240-1330), who had a post in the Tokuso Family.The same as the portraits of priests, the figure is seated on a chair covered by a traditional Japanese happi coat and the face is drawn in fine black lines and a Kumadori technique is moderately applied. In particular, the serious appearance of the face is expressed by a Taikan Shasho technique. Things imported from China were popular at that time and this can be seen from the gorgeous clothes with small flower patterns. There is a tribute written on the top. As this is a portrait of Ene when he was still a Koji and not intended for Houshi (someone who takes over the practice of a Zen priest), the tribute was not written by himself. This tribute was written by Minkisoshun, the high priest of the Rinzai sect of Yogi and Matsugen lineages, who came to Japan from Yuan (China) in 1329. Shunminki became the chief priest of Kencho-ji Temple in Kamakura around the spring of 1330. Ene requested three tributes for works including a portrait for his father Rensho (posthumous work) and a portrait for Zenni (not existing), who was the chief priest of Kumedadera Temple, in addition to this portrait. The relationship between the tribute and the icon is the same as the relationship where the memory of an icon is intended for posthumous work. This painting has attracted attention as a great portrait, as well as for the calligraphy of Minkisoshun.\n', '\nThis painting is a portrait of Nanzan Daishi Dosen (596-667), a Buddhist priest from the early Tang period in China. Dosen perfected Ritsugaku (Buddhism principles) by writing "Shibunritsugyojisho" and become the founder of Nanzan-ritsu. He also joined Genso to translate Buddhist sutras (from Sanskrit to Chinese) and wrote various books including "Daito Naitenroku (a catalog of Buddhist sutras)," "Zoku Kousouden" and "Shakahoshi (Buddhist history books)" and "Koogumyoshu (an anthology of writings to protect Buddhism)." Accordingly, he had great achievements and made great contributions. In Japan, Ganzin propagated the teachings (Shibunritsu) in the Nara period and when Ritsugaku was revived in Kyoto and Nara in the Kamakura period, many portraits of Shoshi (a founder of a Buddhism sect) were drawn during the period.  This painting is a portrait of Dosen wearing a black Kesa (a robe worn by a Buddhist priest) while sitting in a diagonal direction in a high Kyokuroku (an upholstered wooden armchair) covered with a Happi (a cloth) and holding a Hossu (a Buddhist article). This painting follows the style of the iconography of Dosen Risshi zou, one of a pair of paintings, Dosen Risshi zou and Ganjyo Risshi zou (nationally important cultural property held at Sennyu-ji Temple), which was drawn in 1210 (in the Southern Sung period) and brought back by Shunjyo from Sennyu-ji Temple after he learnt Ritsugaku in China in the Kamakura period. Compared to the realistically presented painting in Sennyu-ji Temple, the shape of the head and unique facial features such as the slanted eyes of this painting were carefully drawn following a traditional style. This indicates that iconography brought back from China in the Sung period was regarded important as an original and became popular in Japan. The name "Chosho" inscribed in ink is the Shigo (posthumous title) of Isou (the 20th emperor of the Tang dynasty). This painting was handed down to the Morimura Family.\n', '\nThis painting represents the image of Kannon wearing a white robe while sitting on a rock. Due to a Doji drawn on the bottom left, it is clear that the main figure represented in this painting is a Kannon that forms Kekka Fuza (sitting in a meditation posture) on a Kongohoseki (diamond) in Fudarakusen (the place where Kannon lives) among scenes of Zenzai Doji\'s visits to Zenchishiki described in "Nyuhokkaibon" of "Kegonkyou". A bamboo grove and a waterfall in the background are represented in common motifs of Suibokuga (ink painting) to respond to one passage of a sutra (“華果樹林は皆遍満し、泉流地沼は悉く具足す”). The features such as the Youryu (willow) in a flower vase placed near the Kannon and water underneath the rock have a close iconographical relationship with those known as Youryu Kannon and Suigetsu Kannon, however, with the increased popularity of ink paintings, the images of Byakui Kannon have been drawn with interest in the pureness of the white robe and they are particularly favored in Zenrin (zen temples). The Shichigon Zekku (a poetry verse form consisting of four phrases seven Chinese characters each in length) at the top of this painting was written by Yakuou Tokkenn (1244-1319), who served as the chief priest of Nanzen-ji Temple and various temples in Kamakura and it is presumed that the painting was drawn in the period from the end of thirteenth century when he came back from the Sung to his death. Although this painting is one of the early works of Japanese Suibokuga (ink painting) and particularly the oldest existing painting of Byakui Kannon, it is notable that the very high degree of Suiboku technique has already been used to provide the space with the greater depth.\n', '\nThis is a picture scroll that tells the origin of the establishment of Kitano Tenman-gu Shrine, where the deified spirit (Tenjin) of Sugawara no Michizane (845 – 903), who was exiled to Dazaifu due to a false charge and died there, is enshrined. It also describes his miracles. Among the picture scrolls depicting the origin and history of a temple or a shrine, those of Kitano Tenjin were most widely circulated and many of them still remain today. This particular picture scroll is one of those called "Koanbon (Koan version)." The pictures from the third volume that Kitano Tenman-gu Shrine used to possess are currently owned separately by the Tokyo National Museum, Daitokyu Kinenbunko and the Seattle Art Museum.The name Koanbon is derived from the last sentence of the legend to the second volume possessed by Kitano Tenman-gu Shrine, which says that it was created in the summer of the first year (year of "tsuchinoe-uma 〈horse〉") of Koaan (于時聖暦戌午弘安元年夏のころ微功をおふと云事爾也). However, according to the Chinese sexagenary cycle, this year was the year of "tsuchinoe-tora (tiger)." The reason why the legend says "tsuchinoe-uma (horse)" seems that it followed the "Shokabon" version of the Kitano Tenjin picture scrolls that was established in 1258, the year of uma (horse).   Since the Honjibutsu (the original Buddhist identity that corresponds to a Shinto deity) of Tenjin is the Eleven-Headed Kannon, the picture scrolls of Kitano Tenjin are generally compiled in three or six volumes and 33-dan (acts), on the analogy of the 33 forms in which Kannon appears to aid sentient beings. However, most of this picture scroll has been lost over the years and its composition has changed drastically from the original. The existing pictures all feature a serene composition and well-balanced character description, unrolling a fresh view of Tenjin picture scrolls.\n', '\nFor military men in the Kamakura period, horses had an exceptional significance. This picture book shows herbal remedies for those horses. Each picture has a colored box on the upper part, with the name of doctor or herbs written on it. This painting has the following ten names of doctors from Japan and China: Hakuraku, who is a guardian-figure of medical study for horses, Iou-houyaku(医王法薬), Raikou(頼公), Togun(東群), Ten(天), Ōnamura, Ouryou, Hangai, Shinnou, and Echigono Tansuke. For each of them, the date of death on the Chinese zodiac calendar, birthplace, attributed mantra, and the name of attendants are also included, and the horses tethered in the stable are painted accordingly. After that part, seventeen medicinal herbs are introduced with pictures, which are Yakushi-sou,  Hoyaku-sou(法薬草), Ōbako-sou, Mokuso-den(木草伝), Atohazaki, Kusanoou, Kinu-kusa(衣草), Hotokenomae, Shikiziki(色々), Chousou-gusa(長小草), 狸尻巾, Batou-sou(馬頭草), Kanzou-den(甘草伝), Akomen-sou(阿古免草), Dentchi-sou(伝地草), Tenso-sou, and Hotokenoza. Their other names are also shown. In addition, it shows the Chinese references and the manner of initiation of those secrets.Both figures and herbs are depicted chiefly with lines colored in the pale tones of blue, green, and red. The realistic style of the herbs is worthy of attention. At the end of the book, okugaki (postscript that provides information about the work) says "七郎兵衛尉泰相伝之on January 26, Kouin (name of certain Januaries on the Chinese zodiac calendar), Bunei 4 (1267), the year of Teibou (name of certain years)."  \n', "\nPriest Kensu is a zen monk of the late Tang period. It is said that he did not settle in one place, that he always wore a shabby priest's stole, that he would dig and eat for shrimp and shijimi clams by rivers and that he would sleep among the shisen (paper cut into coin shapes) in shrines at night. He is generally depicted as a figure catching shrimp with a string in his hand. Kao is an artist of the early 14th century, but his personal background is unknown. Currently, some of his works remain, such as doshakuga (portraits of Taoists and Buddhists) of Kanzan and Jittoku and kachoga (paintings of flowers and birds). While his thick and rough fold lines reflect the techniques of Chinese Zen paintings, the technique of forming a bearded face with damp sumi ink is rare. \n"]