['       Gallery Label   Provenance      In China, red is associated with family celebrations, particularly weddings and births. It was appropriate for bridal attire to be embellished with imperial symbols. The dragon symbol for the emperor represents the groom, and the phoenix, which is the symbol of the empress, represents the bride. On the upper front of the jacket and above the dragon, two pomegranates are depicted. Pomegranate, with its many seeds, is a symbol of fertility. Many other auspicious motifs, including clouds, symbol of good fortune, and bats, symbol of happiness, surround the dragon and two phoenixes.   purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art (1906).      ', '       Provenance      Purchased by the John Herron Art Institute, Indianapolis, Indiana, now the Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields, in 1910.      ', '       Provenance      Purchased by the John Herron Art Institute, Indianapolis, Indiana, now the Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields, in 1910.      ', '       Gallery Label   Provenance      The figures here are "poetic immortals," the most revered Japanese poets. The jar was created to look like an anthology of poetry, and the vessel might have held water to wash writing brushes.   Charles L. Freer, given to given to the John Herron Art Institute, now the Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields, in 1912.      ', '       Gallery Label   Related Text      This balanced composition set against a dark background reflects Chase\'s Munich training. Famous for his rapid technique, Chase claimed he could return at least one fish to market fresh enough to be sold.   William Merritt Chase: Celebrated Still Life Painter "William Merritt Chase was a versatile painter of landscapes, portraits, and still lifes. In fact, he was widely esteemed as the foremost American still-life painter of his era. Born in Nineveh, Indiana, Chase spent a short period as a pupil of Barton Stone Hays, an Indianapolis portrait painter. He continued his studies in New York at the National Academy. Later, he traveled extensively in Europe after studying in Munich. In 1878, he returned to New York, where he made his home. He exerted great influence upon the younger American painters through his teaching. Although his approach was realistic, he invested everything with a particular life and charm.In 1904, Chase began a series of fish subjects, which was highly acclaimed. This canvas is a spirited example of the genre. There can be little doubt that Chase had seen similar still lifes by the French artist Édouard Manet from the mid-1860s. This broadly painted and carefully balanced composition of shiny fish set against a dark, contrasting background hearkens back to Chase\'s training in Munich during the 1870s. The painting was one of the artist\'s favorites. In a letter of 1915 to the IMA (then known as the Art Association of Indianapolis), Chase wrote, “…I am pleased to know that you care for my fish picture. I feel sure this is the best one I have painted, and I would be much pleased to have it permanently in the Art Association."Pisano, Ronald. A Leading Spirit in American Art: William Merritt Chase, 1849-1916. Seattle: Henry Art Gallery, University of Washington, 1983."      ', '       Gallery Label   Provenance      In early 1900, it became fashionable for young brides to wear pastel shades on their wedding day, instead of the customary red-color garments. A narrower silhouette for jackets and the sleeves became fashionable, and front closures replaced right-side closure of the earlier period. Two pairs of phoenixes, representing the union of male and female, are featured prominently on the upper front of the jacket. A variety of paired fowl are embroidered throughout the jacket and skirt. Mandarin ducks, which were thought to mate for life, symbolize devotion to married life and marital happiness.   purhcased in China; Mary Fulton Missionary Society, Tabernacle Presbyterian Church; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art (1917).      ', '       Provenance      Eliza M. Niblack, Indianapolis; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art (1918).      ', '       Provenance      Purchased by the John Herron Art Institute, Indianapolis, Indiana, now the Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields, in 1919.      ', '       Provenance      Given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1983.      ', '       Provenance      J. P. Dubosc      ', "       Gallery Label   Provenance      From the 8th through the 12th centuries, Indian Buddhism reached an apogee under the Pala kings and their successors in the regions of Bihar, western Bengal, and Bangladesh. Monks and pilgrims from lands as distant as China and Burma came there to study. Buddhist art of this period first flourished in Magadha, the homeland of Sakyamuni in southern Bihar, and gradually art production centers arose further eastward. A huge corpus of sculpture survives from the period. Most common are stelae like this example, which may have been made for placement in a decorative niche on a building or as the main object of worship in a shrine. The mudra (gesture) is called dharma-chakra (Wheel of the Law) and signifies the Buddha's teaching of the path to enlightenment.   Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Miller; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1983.      ", 'null', 'null', 'null', '       Provenance      Purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1984      ', '       Provenance      Stanley Herzman [1906-2001] and Adele Herzman, nee Sharpe [1919-1990], New York, New York; {1} given to Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields, Indianapolis, Indiana in 1980.{1} For information on Stanley Herzman, see his obituary in New York Times, 7 February 2001. For information on Adele Herzman, see her obituary in New York Times, 15 December 1990. For information on Stanley and Adele Herzman as collectors, see Rita Reif, "Objects of His Desire: One Collector\'s China Syndrome," New York Times, 10 June 1990, and Suzanne G. Valenstein, The Herzman Collection of Chinese Art, New York: Stanley Herzman, 1992.      ', '       Provenance      Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Herzman; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1984      ', '       Provenance      Stanley Herzman [1906-2001] and Adele Herzman, nee Sharpe [1919-1990], New York, New York; {1} given to Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields, Indianapolis, Indiana in 1980.{1} For information on Stanley Herzman, see his obituary in New York Times, 7 February 2001. For information on Adele Herzman, see her obituary in New York Times, 15 December 1990. For information on Stanley and Adele Herzman as collectors, see Rita Reif, "Objects of His Desire: One Collector\'s China Syndrome," New York Times, 10 June 1990, and Suzanne G. Valenstein, The Herzman Collection of Chinese Art, New York: Stanley Herzman, 1992.      ', '       Provenance      Stanley Herzman [1906-2001] and Adele Herzman, nee Sharpe [1919-1990], New York, New York; {1} given to Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields, Indianapolis, Indiana in 1980.{1} For information on Stanley Herzman, see his obituary in New York Times, 7 February 2001. For information on Adele Herzman, see her obituary in New York Times, 15 December 1990. For information on Stanley and Adele Herzman as collectors, see Rita Reif, "Objects of His Desire: One Collector\'s China Syndrome," New York Times, 10 June 1990, and Suzanne G. Valenstein, The Herzman Collection of Chinese Art, New York: Stanley Herzman, 1992.      ', '       Provenance      Eleanore R. Carruth, New York; through (Stan Weaver, New York, New York); given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1984.      ', '       Gallery Label   Provenance      竹林七賢 The Seven Sages of the Bamboo Grove refers to seven learned men who lived during politically unsettled times in 3rd-century China. Though they may never have actually gathered together, they are renowned through history for their Daoist inclinations, freedom of spirit, disdain of government service, and love for wine and a simple, bucolic life. The earliest artistic representation of these sages can be found in a tomb dated about 400 CE, and the theme has remained popular. When this painting was made, China was again suffering through instability. Civil war had broken out in 1927, and tensions with Japan were high.   Mrs. John H. Roberts, Jr.; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1984      ', '       Provenance      [Sergius N.] Ferris Luboshez [1896-1984], Fairfax, Virginia;{1} sale at (Sotheby Parke Bernet, New York, New York) in 1982.{2} Possibly (Weisbrod and Dy, New York).{3} Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Carpenter, Indianapolis, Indiana; given to Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1984 (1984.69).{4} {1} See the exhibition catalogue, Chinese Art from the Ferris Luboshez Collection, University of Maryland Art Gallery, University Park, Maryland, March 23-April 30, 1972, no. 43. {2} Sotheby Parke Bernet, New York, "Important Chinese Ceramics, Bronzes, and Works of Art: The Collection of Captain S.N. Ferris Luboshez, USN (Ret\'d)," November 18, 1982, lot no. 30 (illustration) According to Rita Reif in "Antique View; A Captain\'s Store of Chinese Riches," The New York Times, 14 November 1982, Luboshez acquired these objects while stationed in China in the mid-1940\'s. {3} The IMA Historical File indicates that this object was sent to the Indianapolis Museum of Art by Weisbrod and Dy, Ltd. on behalf of the Carpenters. As given on Weisbrod Chinese Art, Ltd. website, Weisbrod\'s gallery, Weisbrod Chinese Art, Ltd. (known early on as Weisbrod and Dy, Ltd.) was founded in 1977 by Michael Weisbrod and his father, Dr. Gerald Weisbrod. {4} IMA Temporary Receipt No. 5314.      ', "       Gallery Label   Provenance      Wine vessel Wine offerings were an important part of ritual ceremonies during the Shang dynasty. Wine containers were the first bronze vessels made in China and are the most plentiful among the early bronzes. The use of legs on the pouring vessels suggests that the wine was heated over a fire. Tripod bowls, or ding vessels The tripod bowl, with three legs for support over a fire, is very practical. It is perhaps the most important type of container throughout the history of Chinese ceremonies. The decoration on round vessels was generally designed in three segments, following the main mold segments. Ancestral dedications written in an early script can often be found in the interior walls of the vessel. Ceramic substitutes Ceramic or clay vessels were used in funerals by people who could not afford, or did not have access to, the more valuable bronze material. Over the years, clay models were used in burials as substitutes for many items, from military and household furnishings to all sorts of animals and people.   (Bluett and Sons, Ltd., London, England); {1} purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1984. {2} {1} For information on Bluett and Sons, Ltd., see Dominic Jellinek's Bluett Essay on the Chinese Art-Research Provenance (CARP) website. Here it states that Bluett and Sons was founded in 1884 and stopped trading in 1992. {2} IMA Temporary Receipt No. 5200A-B.      ", 'null', '       Provenance      Thomas H. and Virginia K. Thompson;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1985      ', '       Provenance      Thomas H. and Virginia K. Thompson;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1985      ', '       Provenance      Thomas H. and Virginia K. Thompson;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1985      ', '       Provenance      Thomas H. and Virginia K. Thompson;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1985      ', '       Provenance      Thomas H. and Virginia K. Thompson;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1985      ', '       Provenance      Thomas H. and Virginia K. Thompson;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1985      ', '       Provenance      Thomas H. and Virginia K. Thompson;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1985      ', '       Provenance      Keith Uhl Clary, Indianapolis, Indiana; given to Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1986 (1986.259). {1} {1} IMA Temporary Receipt No.5956.      ', '       Gallery Label   Provenance      江南三月 The artist’s inscription tells us that one day in the summer of 1983 he painted a scene of a March day around the foothills of Dongting Island, at the southern end of Lake Tai in Jiangsu Province: 江南三月癸亥夏日寫於蘇州洞庭東山之麓 Groves of flowering trees nestled within low hillocks lead the eye to a bucolic scene of houses on the shore and boats in the distance. Sōng specialized in landscape painting, but he studied advertising art in Shanghai when he was young. He attended Suzhou Art Training Institute and taught at the secondary school and university levels. He was director of the China Artists Association, and he is represented in several national collections.   Mr. and Mrs. F.M. Aker; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1986      ', '       Provenance      Mrs. Hiram W. McKee [1907-2005];donated to the Indianapolis Museum fo Art in 1986      ', '       Provenance      Elizabeth Weymouth [b. 1943], New York, New York; through (Cora Ginsburg, Inc., Tarrytown, New York); given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1986.      ', '       Provenance      Elizabeth Weymouth [b. 1943], New York, New York; through (Cora Ginsburg, Inc., Tarrytown, New York); given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1986.      ', '       Gallery Label   Provenance      書 Because of his profound understanding, Zhao Zhou could use the word “mu.” The word mu 無 (nothing) refers to the fundamental Buddhist teaching that “all is nothingness.” Zen practitioners seek to realize this experientially rather than conceptually. Questions, or koan, posed by a master play a vital role in the process. The calligraphy here refers to the first of the koan compiled in China by Wumen Huikai (1183–1260) in a collection called the Gateless Gate. A monk asked the Zen master Zhao Zhou (8th century) if a dog possesses Buddha-nature. Zhao Zhou answered, “Mu.”   Purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1986.      ', '       Provenance      Benigno A. Ramirez; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1986.      ', "       Gallery Label      IMA has one of the largest comprehensive collections of ceramics from the southern city of Changsha, Hunan Province. Changsha ceramics were shipped over 1,000 years ago to places as distant as Japan, Philippines, and Egypt making them perhaps the earliest trade ceramics. Changsha ceramics are the earliest underglazed painted ceramics in China's long tradition of glazed pictorial ceramics. Changsha ware has not been found in Chinese tombs, but it has been found in areas where foreigners lived. Some elements of decoration, such as arcs, poetic inscriptions and stripes were rare before this time in China and also existed on contemporary Islamic ceramics. It is not clear which country's art influenced the other's.      ", "       Gallery Label      IMA has one of the largest comprehensive collections of ceramics from the southern city of Changsha, Hunan Province. Changsha ceramics were shipped over 1,000 years ago to places as distant as Japan, Philippines, and Egypt making them perhaps the earliest trade ceramics. Changsha ceramics are the earliest underglazed painted ceramics in China's long tradition of glazed pictorial ceramics. Changsha ware has not been found in Chinese tombs, but it has been found in areas where foreigners lived. Some elements of decoration, such as arcs, poetic inscriptions and stripes were rare before this time in China and also existed on contemporary Islamic ceramics. It is not clear which country's art influenced the other's.      ", 'null', '       Provenance      (Galaxie Art and Gift Company, Hong Kong, China); purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art, in 1987.      ', '       Gallery Label      蘭竹月季與石 崇楨乙亥仲秋古吳女史陳懿寫 During the Chongzhen reign in the yihai year [1635] at mid-autumn, the lady of ancient Wu, Chen Yi sketched [this].  The origin of painting is attributed to Lei 嫘, the younger sister of the legendary emperor Shun 舜 (about 2200 bce). Because painting was an elite pastime, many wives and daughters had the opportunity to paint, and many of their works were collected and recorded throughout the history of painting in China. During the middle and second half of the 1600s, there was a high concentration of women artists in the area around Suzhou, Jiangsu province, which was the area of the ancient kingdom of Wu.      ', "       Related Text   Provenance      Indianapolis Museum of Art: Highlights of the Collection (2005) By the 1600s, Chinese porcelain was widely known among Europeans, who considered it as precious as gold. Yet the secret of its manufacture eluded them until 1709, when Johann Friedrich Böttger, an alchemist indentured to Augustus the Strong, elector of Saxony and king of Poland, created a highly glazed, translucent white porcelain. Böttger yearned for his freedom, but his discovery was so important that it was an affair of state and, much to his chagrin, he was appointed the first director of the Meissen Porcelain Manufactory-the first in Europe to produce hard-paste porcelain objects.The IMA's plate dates to the early years of the Meissen operation, when its most beautiful works were those decorated in enamels under the direction of Johann Gregor Herold, or Höroldt, who was in charge of the painting department until his retirement in 1765. Among other surface ornamentation, Herold introduced chinoiserie, the decorative motifs based, as the name suggests, on Chinese and other Asian themes, for which Meissen became famous. The IMA's plate, decorated with chinoiserie elements in the center and European landscape and harbor scenes around its rim, is associated with the work of Christian Friedrich Herold, or Höroldt, one of the major artists at the manufactory and possibly a cousin of Johann Gregor. The reverse of the plate displays Meissen's trademark crossed swords in underglaze blue.[I]n one sense [Böttger] made gold, because the great [sales] of that ware bring a great deal of money into the country.-Baron Carl Ludwig Von Poellnitz, 1737   Arthur Kauffman, Frankfort am Main, Germany and London, England; (Rosenberg & Stiebel, Inc., New York New York); purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art at Newfields in 1988.      ", "       Gallery Label      寒山像 Hanshan was a monk of the Chan 禪 sect of Buddhism in China. At times he lived in a monastery and sometimes as a hermit in the mountains, writing poetry wherever he went, leaving it on walls and trees, leaves and rocks. Although he may have looked and acted like a fool, his behavior resulted from supreme spiritual enlightenment.  I climb the road to Cold Mountain [Hanshan],The road to Cold Mountain that never ends.The valleys are long and strewn with stones;The streams broad and banked with thick grass.Moss is slippery, though no rain has fallen;Pines sigh, but it isn't the wind.Who can break from the snares of the worldAnd sit with me among the white clouds?(tr. by Burton Watson)       ", 'null', "       Gallery Label      IMA has one of the largest comprehensive collections of ceramics from the southern city of Changsha, Hunan Province. Changsha ceramics were shipped over 1,000 years ago to places as distant as Japan, Philippines, and Egypt making them perhaps the earliest trade ceramics. Changsha ceramics are the earliest underglazed painted ceramics in China's long tradition of glazed pictorial ceramics. Changsha ware has not been found in Chinese tombs, but it has been found in areas where foreigners lived. Some elements of decoration, such as arcs, poetic inscriptions and stripes were rare before this time in China and also existed on contemporary Islamic ceramics. It is not clear which country's art influenced the other's.      ", "       Gallery Label      The poem inscribed on the ewer reads 眄林皆惕惕, 鴻雁北向飛, 今日是餉日, 早祈雪郎歸 Gazing at the forest, my heart is troubled: Wild geese have all flown north. Today is a festival day; Early, I pray, my young man will come home. [tr. Irving Lo] IMA has one of the largest comprehensive collections of ceramics from the southern city of Changsha, Hunan Province. Changsha ceramics were shipped over 1,000 years ago to places as distant as Japan, Philippines, and Egypt making them perhaps the earliest trade ceramics. Changsha ceramics are the earliest underglazed painted ceramics in China's long tradition of glazed pictorial ceramics. Changsha ware has not been found in Chinese tombs, but it has been found in areas where foreigners lived. Some elements of decoration, such as arcs, poetic inscriptions and stripes were rare before this time in China and also existed on contemporary Islamic ceramics. It is not clear which country's art influenced the other's.      ", 'null', "       Gallery Label   Provenance      IMA has one of the largest comprehensive collections of ceramics from the southern city of Changsha, Hunan Province. Changsha ceramics were shipped over 1,000 years ago to places as distant as Japan, Philippines, and Egypt making them perhaps the earliest trade ceramics. Changsha ceramics are the earliest underglazed painted ceramics in China's long tradition of glazed pictorial ceramics. Changsha ware has not been found in Chinese tombs, but it has been found in areas where foreigners lived. Some elements of decoration, such as arcs, poetic inscriptions and stripes were rare before this time in China and also existed on contemporary Islamic ceramics. It is not clear which country's art influenced the other's.   Keith Uhl Clary and Kwang Fei Young; given to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1991.      ", 'null', '       Gallery Label   Provenance      Platinum was reserved for industry during World War I, ending the commercial manufacture of platinum-coated photographic papers. Thereafter, the process was restricted to those photographers who were sufficiently intrigued by the beauty and permanence of the platinum print to produce their own paper.  Conner’s view at Huangshan (Yellow Mountain), taken during the first of her many trips to China, makes expert use of the platinum process to preserve the tonal nuances of this peculiar granite formation and its clinging pines softly enveloped in heavy atmosphere.  For centuries, Huangshan was a favorite subject for Chinese scroll painters, and, in homage to them, Conner used an unwieldy 7-by-17-inch banquet camera to create her scroll-formatted photograph.   (Lee Marks Fine Art, Shelbyville, Indiana);donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1992      ', 'null', 'null', 'null', 'null', "       Gallery Label   Related Text   Provenance      The long inscription in this container is famous because it is the earliest mention of melting down older vessels to make newer ones rather than using raw material. This method of recycling ritual bronzes has been generally condemned because it destroys items from the past. The translated inscription inside the neck reads: Zeng Boji used auspicious metal from old vessels and he made this pot for ritual wine for entertaining guests. May his virtue be without flaw, thereby being filial, thereby feasting [his ancestors], and thereby being given long life. May his descendants thereby receive limitless great blessings.   Indianapolis Museum of Art: Highlights of the Collection (2005) The forty-one-character inscription inside the neck of this container—there is an identical one on a similar vessel in the Palace Museum, Taipei—is famous for being the first to mention the recycling of earlier bronzes in order to make other vessels. The older bronzes were melted down at the behest of Yi, a nobleman who lived in south central China, near today's Wuhan in Hubei province. The inscription in the container continues, explaining that Yi's vessel held “ritual wine for entertaining guests. May his virtue be without flaw; thereby being filial, thereby feasting [ancestors], and thereby being given long life. May his descendants thereby receive limitless great blessings.” The “wine” was a grain-based alcoholic beverage.The style of their bronzes shows that the people of the Zhou dynasty modified many of the traditions they inherited from Shang artisans. Where Shang containers are often elegant in shape, Zhou vessels become more squat and massive while the bold, animal-based decoration of the earlier objects gradually yields to designs of a more abstract and fluid nature, like the wavy grooves that encircle this container. The numerous creatures of earlier times are here reduced to two: a small head holding a ring on either side of the neck.Yi, the earl of Zeng, used auspicious metal from old vessels and he made this pot. . . .—Inscription, about 800 BCE   Probably (Anthony Carter, Ltd., London). {1} (Weisbrod Chinese Art, New York); {2} purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1994 (1994.80). {3}{1} In the IMA Historical File a note indicates that this object was acquired from Anthony Carter, Ltd., London. As given on Anthony Carter, Ltd. website, Carter had been Managing Director of Bluett and Sons, Ltd., London from 1988 to 1992 when Bluett stopped operating. Carter founded Anthony Carter, Ltd. in 1992.{2} As given on their website, Weisbrod Chinese Art, Ltd. (known early on as Weisbrod and Dy, Ltd.) was founded in 1977 by Michael Weisbrod and his father, Dr. Gerald Weisbrod. {3} IMA Temporary Receipt No. 8146.      ", '       Gallery Label   Provenance      弥勒菩薩像 The cult of Maitreya, which originated in India some 2000 years ago, reached its height of popularity in China from the 5th to 6th centuries. Until his future incarnation as Sakyamuni’s successor, Maitreya resides in Tushita Heaven, where his believers wish to be reborn after death to continue to benefit from his teaching. Dressed in the clothes of Indian royalty, Maitreya sits on a throne with his legs crossed at the ankles, waiting for his time. Stylistic elements indicate that this sculpture comes from the Guyang Cave in the Buddhist cave-temple complex at Longmen.   George Eumorfopoulos (1863-1939), no. Sc. 5. private collection, Chicago, Illinois; (J. J. Lally & Co., New York, New York); purchased by the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1995.      ', '       Provenance      Dr. K. S. Lo, Hong Kong, China;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1995      ', '       Provenance      Dr. K. S. Lo, Hong Kong, China;donated to the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1995      ']